 a pixel image. iPhone can shoot higher resolution photos in 24, 28, and 35 millimeter focal length, a very important range for pro photographers. They can now quickly switch between these new options and even choose a new default lens, customizing their camera experience to their creative needs. iPhone 15 Pro also gets next generation portraits with focus and depth control with two times better low light performance as you can see here in this beautiful shot. The smallest details of our expression are incredibly clear and contrasted with the dimly lit, yet detailed background. You can really feel her emotion. In this photo, night mode is unbelievable. Now powered by the photonic engine, we can capture more color and details than ever from the warmth of her lipstick to the creases of her white dress. Enable by the LiDAR scanner, night mode portraits also look stunning on iPhone 15 Pro. In this shot, we captured the intricate fabric of his sweater together with a beautiful bouquet of the lights in the background. And our latest smart HDR delivers even more true to life photos with greater dynamic range, as you can see here with the beautiful lighting on her face and the sun reflecting on her hair. All while preserving the blue of the sky. Now, let's talk about our zoom range. iPhone 15 Pro features a great 3X telephoto camera at 77 millimeter focal length, ideal for classic portraiture. For iPhone 15 Pro Max, we're using the extra size of the larger iPhone to introduce something unique, our longest optical zoom yet, 5X optical zoom at 120 millimeter focal length. We designed a state of the art telephoto camera. Compared to iPhone 14 Pro Max, it has a 25% larger sensor, 100% focus pixels, and then F2.8 aperture, the largest of any smartphone at this optical range. 120 millimeter is a very useful focal length. Great for close-ups, wildlife photos, and getting closer to the sports action. 120 millimeter lenses are typically long. So instead, we created an innovative tetraprisome design built right into iPhone. The light rays are reflected four times through the glass structure, allowing the light to travel for longer in a much smaller design. This creates enough separation between the lens and the sensor to enable the longer focal length. And we have our most advanced stabilization yet, a combined OIS and autofocus 3D sensor shift module that moves in all three directions, a first for any smartphone. This was critical to support the tetraprisome design. It provides even better stabilization with up to 10,000 micro adjustments per second. That's twice as many as iPhone 14 Pro. This longer focal length gives pro users a brand new creative option, and we can't wait to see the incredible photos they will take. The ultra-wide camera is also improved with a new anti-reflective coating, better night mode, and the latest Smart HDR. In addition to enabling one of our user's favorite features on the Pro models, macro photography. Macro is one of the seven lenses of the new Pro camera system with a 10x optical zoom range going from 13 to 120 millimeter focal length, making iPhone 15 Pro Max more powerful and more versatile than ever. Now back to Jaws. iPhone 15 Pro will enable great workflows for photographers and filmmakers that previously weren't possible. Using a USB 3 cable with iPhone 15 Pro enables incredibly fast transfer speeds. So it's much faster to transfer your large Pro RAW photos or ProRes videos to your Mac. And now you can use your iPhone with Capture One to shoot and instantly transfer 48 megapixel Pro RAW directly to a Mac. Easily creating a Pro Studio suited for today's fast-paced needs. iPhone 15 Pro also supports recording ProRes video directly to an external storage drive. Video productions can quickly swap drives and keep iPhone as the main camera on set. Recording to an external drive enables even higher quality recording options. Pushing ProRes 4K up to 60 frames per second for the first time. A great option for filmmakers to create cinematic slow motion. We are also introducing log encoding to make ProRes even more powerful for our Pro users, enabling more range and flexibility for visual effects and color grading in post-production. With log encoding, iPhone 15 Pro will be the first smartphone in the world to support the Academy Color Encoding System or ACES, a global standard for color workflows making it easier for filmmakers to use iPhone in their production. The iPhone 15 Pro camera system pushes the limits of what you can capture with a smartphone. The precious memories you capture on iPhone look incredible when viewing with Apple Vision Pro. Photos and videos look lifelike and panoramas expand to create an immersive experience that wraps around you. And there's one more unique feature we've created just for the world of spatial computing. With iPhone 15 Pro, you can now capture spatial videos. We used the ultra-wide and main cameras together to create a three-dimensional video. You can then relive these memories in a magical way on Apple Vision Pro. This is really important as your iPhone is with you all the time. So you won't ever miss capturing a special moment using spatial video like your family's beatification. Spatial video lets you feel like you're right back to that moment in time. You can also share these spatial videos with anyone with an Apple Vision Pro so they could feel like they were there too. Capturing spatial video will be available later this year. So this is the iPhone 15 Pro, our best and most pro iPhone ever. With a new, beautiful, strong and lighter titanium design, as well as next-level performance from the A17 Pro, a convenient and customizable action button, and our most pro camera system for our best photos and videos ever, including next-generation portraits and our longest optical zoom on iPhone 15 Pro Max, all while still providing great all-day battery life. The iPhone 15 Pro will start at the same price as last year, 999. An iPhone 15 Pro Max, featuring the new 5X telephoto camera, will start at 1199 with 256 gigabytes of storage, which also matches last year's price with this level of storage. We also have incredible offers from Apple and our carrier partners, including up to $1,000 off in the US when you trade in an iPhone 11 Pro or newer. All new iPhone models will be available for pre-order this Friday, September 15th, and they'll be available in stores next week on September 22nd. And starting next week, iCloud Plus is adding two new plans, six and 12 terabytes, for even more room to keep your photos and videos safe. iCloud Plus also has great features that allow you to easily share your photos, automatically back up your iPhone, and so much more. And of course, with family sharing, everyone in your household can get all the benefits of iCloud Plus. This is by far our best iPhone lineup ever, with dynamic island across the iPhone 15 lineup, incredible new camera systems, and powerful features that you'll use throughout the day. And the iPhone lineup starts at just 429 with iPhone SE. Now back to Tim. [♪ OUTRO MUSIC PLAYING [♪ Thank you, Jaws. Thanks to all of our presenters, and thanks to everyone who worked on these amazing products that are so indispensable in our daily lives. Apple Watch Series 9, with our most powerful chip ever in Apple Watch, a brighter display, and a convenient new way to interact with your watch. And it's our first carbon neutral product. Apple Watch Ultra 2, our most rugged and even more capable watch, now featuring Apple's brightest display ever. iPhone 15, an iPhone 15 Plus, now with dynamic island, an incredible camera system featuring a 48 megapixel main camera, and the power of A16 Bionic, in a gorgeous new design. And iPhone 15 Pro, in titanium for a durable, light, and stunning finish. With the new A17 Pro, the fastest chip ever in a smartphone, a customizable action button, and our most pro camera system yet, featuring a 5X telephoto camera. These are the best and most capable iPhones we've ever made. At Apple, we strive to create innovative products and best in class experiences that help us do the things that matter most in our lives. Apple Watch and iPhone are essential. They're with us all the time, and we use them throughout the day, which is why we're so excited for you to begin using these incredible new devices. Thank you for joining us. Have a great day. Talk to you soon. you