Yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, oh Yo, yo Oh, oh, luxury Chidi-ching-ching could buy anything, cop that Oh, oh, collard greens Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that Oh, oh, down with that shit Drink this, smoke this, get down with the shit, aye Oh, oh, down with the shit Cop this, pop this, down with the shit  Smoke this, drink this, straight to my liver Watch this, no tick, yeah, I′m the nigga Gang rap, X-mas, smoke, shots I deliver Faded, Vegas, might sponsor the killer Shake it, break it, hot-hot for the winter Drop it, cop it, eyes locked on your inner object Rock it, blast-blast, new beginnings Lovely, pinky how not I remember, fiendin'  Give me, give me, give me some Freak the freckles off your face Frenchy, freakin′, swappin' tongue Click my link and spread your buns Lose your denim, make it numb Blow it baby, no Saddam, icky-icky, icky-icky Fuckin' in the car service, thank me for the car pool Chromosome, part full, prolly off a Norco And gas, not the Arco, popping since the intro You shoppin′ from the window, play my favorite tempo  Oh, oh, luxury Chidi-ching-ching could buy anything, cop that Oh, oh, collard greens Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that Oh, oh, down with that shit, drink this Smoke this, get down with the shit, aye Oh, oh, down with the shit Cop this, pop this, down with the shit  Hold up, biatch, this your favorite song Translation, ven aqui, mami, ese culo Tu quieres cojer mis huevos, y papi me desespero Chuparse puto pendejo, el pinche cabron  Let′s get it, nights like this, I'm a knight like this Sword in my hand, I fight like this And I′m more than a man, I'm a God Bitch, touché, en garde Toupée drop and her two tits pop out of that tank top and bra And when I say "Doo-doo, doo-doo," bitch, that be K. Dot  She want some more of this, I give her more of this, I owe her this In fact, I know she miss the way I floored this, I′m forgis I know my Houston partners, drop a four on this And focus, and slow it down, down, alright, let me blow this bitch  I'm famous, I blame this on you, cash in the mirror Hang in my penthouse roof, skyline the clearest Watch it, your optics, popping out, you look the weirdest Pop my top on the 105, head with no power steering, ah!  Oh, oh, luxury Chidi-ching-ching could buy anything, cop that Oh, oh, collard greens Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that Oh, oh, down with that shit Drink this, smoke this, get down with the shit, aye Oh, oh, down with the shit Cop this, pop this, down with the shit  Bummy nigga famous, straight from the bottom Broke niggas hate it, still never robbed him Guns in the basement, out they have a problem Kush be my fragrance, we love marijuana Function on fire, burn the roof off this motherfucker Psych ward is ballin′, go craze like no other Weed steady blowin', pass the blunt to my momma Runs in the family, puff-puff keep a nigga fiendin'  Faded, faded-faded right Shot glass super size, she gon′ get some dick tonight Meet me at the W, and no it′s not the Westside Stick it up ya Southside (icky-icky, icky-icky) Baller futuristic, groovy gangsta with an attitude What these niggas make a year, I spend that on my daughter shoes Smokin' weed and drinkin′, all the college students loving Q We gon' turn it out until the neighbors wanna party too  Oh, oh, luxury Chidi-ching-ching could buy anything, cop that Oh, oh, collard greens Three degrees low, make it hot for me, drop that Oh, oh, down with that shit Drink this, smoke this, get down with the shit, aye Oh, oh, down with the shit Cop this, pop this, down with the shit, ohJump in that- (huh, huh), summon that bitch Jump in that- (huh, huh), jump in that fire, jump in that bitch Hitting that fire, jump in that whip (huh), thumbing that bitchCum in that bitch (hoe), drumming that- (huh, huh) Drumming that bitch (yeah)  Chopper doing circles, it′s a Vert', Vert′ Take him to the party, he's a nerd (pop out) I seen niggas hitting corners in the motherfucking 'burbs, huh (pop out) Done politicking with the competition, what′s the word? (Yeah) Put that on my mama, nigga, eight in the process Nigga tryna tippy-toe through the progress Tongue-tied when the truth is an object What′s the pros and the cons of this next check? Wasn't nobody ′round, I was independent In the 90s, sitting bum with the windows tinted  Heard a bum got a strap in the party Who the fuck let this n- in the party? Beat 'em up, beat ′em up, beat 'em up, beat ′em up (ah) I was seeing double in the projects Mad at myself when I put it to the side Mama had to cater for the coupe that we rode after school on the way to Popeyes And niggas wanna play both sides It's a red dot, don't get on the wrong red eye  It′s a headshot, Damien Kane, Woo, them guys Fuck around and bury two of them guys I′m OD in Paris, I'm OD in France I thought that I told you, I need the advance Put down your IG and look through my lens A million to grandma, who did I offend? The girl of your dreams to me is a fan I netted ten million and did a lil′ dance I'm fucking the world, I unzip my pants  My uncle G told me that I had a chance So then I popped out and did it again And did it again and did it again I cannot respect them, where did he begin? Advice from the council, let nobody in  Been swerving through rumors Avoiding the trends and ducking the hoes I′m ducking the loonies that come with the shows I'm grateful to Man-Man, he opened up doors A bunk on the tour bus to come and compose I reach to the stars on my tippy-toes This greatest success where most niggas fold I tell you my past, that shit don′t get old But how could you ask like I don't be writing my raps? These critics got everyone tapped You gotta relax, the city where nobody sleep Just tap in and ask where I'm at, hoe  Smoking on yo′ top five tonight, huh, tonight, you know Yeah, I′m smoking on your, what's her name? Tonight, tonight Smoking on you, shores, ain′t 2-9, yeah, 2-  I am the omega, pgLang, Rollie gang, SIE Don't you address me unless it′s with four letters I thought you'd known better I been ducking the pandemic, I been, social gimmicks I been ducking the overnight activists, yeah I′m not a trending topic, I'm a-  Hold on, y'all niggas playing with me, man I am the omega, pgLang, Rollie gang, SIE Don′t you address me unless it′s with four letters Bitch, I thought you'd known better I been ducking the pandemic, I been ducking the social gimmicks I been ducking the overnight activists, yeah I′m not a trending topic, I'm a prophet I answer to Metatron and Gabriel  Bitch, looking for a better me I am a legacy, I come from the 70 The Al Green offspring, guns and the melody The big shot, wrist on cryotherapy Soon as I press that button  Nigga better get right like the ambulance′s coming Us two on a light, Keem been through nothing Dave Free got, at least, one B in the oven I'm tripping, I′m juuging, my mental is amazing, brother  Pop off, only on occasions, brother Rich nigga, mama know I made it, brother Go figure, never caught cases, brother Face it, brother, gracious brother New flows coming, be patient, brother Show my ass and take y'all to class I can multitask like Megan, brother  2021, I ain't taking no prisoner Last year, y′all fucked up on all the listener Who went platinum? I call that a visitor Who the fuck backing ′em? All been falsified The facts mean this a vaccine, and the game need me to survive The Elohim, the rebirth Before you get to the Father, you gotta holla at me first, bitch! Smoking on top fives Motherfuck that album, fuck that single Burn that hard drive (burn that shit) Ain't nobody safe when I come up killing everybody that′s outside (who you with?) Yeah, Kanye changed his life But me, I'm still an old school Gemini (Lil′ bitch) Let me jump in this bitch  Let me jump in this bitch Two phones, but I only bring one in this bitch One daughter, but they all my sons in this bitch No hoes, ain't shit getting done in this bitch I′m scary, I got a gun in this bitch Smoking on top fives, stop playing, I'm that guy Number 2 DM'ing my bitch That′s cool, I don′t ask whyUh, me and my niggas tryna get it, ya bish (ya bish) Hit the house lick, tell me is you wit′ it, ya bish? (Ya bish) Home invasion was persuasive (was persuasive)From nine-to-five I know it's vacant, ya bish (ya bish) Dreams of living life like rappers do (like rappers do) Back when condom wrappers wasn′t cool (they wasn't cool) I fucked Sherane and went to tell my bros (tell my bros) Then Usher Raymond "Let It Burn" came on ("Let Burn" came on)  Hot sauce all in our Top Ramen, ya bish (ya bish) Park the car then we start rhyming, ya bish (ya bish) The only thing we had to free our mind (free our mind) Then freeze that verse when we see dollar signs (see dollar signs) You looking like an easy come up, ya bish (ya bish) A silver spoon I know you come from, ya bish (ya bish) And that's a lifestyle that we never knew (we never knew) Go at a reverend for the revenue  It go Halle Berry or hallelujah Pick your poison, tell me what you doing Everybody gon′ respect the shooter But the one in front of the gun lives forever (The one in front of the gun, forever) And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that′s just how I feel  Nah, nah, a dollar might just fuck your main bitch, that's just how I feel Nah, a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with, that′s just how I feel Nah, nah, a dollar might just make that lane switch, that's just how I feel Nah, a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich, that′s just how I feel  Dreams of living life like rappers do (like rappers do) Bump that new E-40 after school (way after school) You know "Big Ballin' With My Homies" (my homies) Earl Stevens had us thinkin′ rational (thinkin' rational) Back to reality, we poor, ya bish (ya bish) Another casualty at war, ya bish (ya bish) Two bullets in my Uncle Tony head (my Tony head) He said one day I'll be on tour, ya bish (ya bish)  That Louis Burgers never be the same (won′t be the same) A Louis belt will never ease that pain (won′t ease that pain) But I'ma purchase when that day is jerkin′ (that day is jerkin') Pull off at Church′s with Pirellis skirtin' (Pirellis skirtin′) Gang signs out the window, ya bish (ya bish) Hoping all of them offend you, ya bish (ya bish) They say your hood is a pot of gold (pot of gold) And we gon' crash it when nobody's home  It go Halle Berry or hallelujah Pick your poison, tell me what you doing Everybody gon′ respect the shooter But the one in front of the gun lives forever (The one in front of the gun, forever) And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that′s just how I feel  Nah, nah, a dollar might just fuck your main bitch, that's just how I feel Nah, a dollar might say fuck them niggas that you came with, that′s just how I feel Nah, nah, a dollar might just make that lane switch, that's just how I feel Nah, a dollar might turn to a million and we all rich, that′s just how I feel  Be the last one out to get this dough? No way Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way  Be the last one out to get this dough? No way Love one of you bucket-headed hoes? No way Hit the streets, then we break the code? No way Hit the brakes when they on patrol? No way  'Magine Rock up in them projects where them niggas pick your pockets Santa Claus don′t miss them stockings, liquor spillin', pistols popping Baking soda YOLA whipping ain't no turkey on Thanksgivin′ My homeboy just domed a nigga, I just hope the Lord forgive him Pots with cocaine residue, every day I′m hustlin' What else is a thug to do when you eatin′ cheese from the government? Gotta provide for my daughter n'em, get the fuck up out my way, bitch Got that drum and I got them bands just like a parade, bitch  Drop that work up in the bushes, hope them boys don′t see my stash If they do, tell the truth, this the last time you might see my ass From the gardens where the grass ain't cut, them serpents lurking, blood Bitches selling pussy, niggas selling drugs, but it′s all good Broken promises, steal your watch and tell you what time it is Take your J's and tell you to kick it where a Foot Locker is In the streets with a heater under my Dungarees Dreams of me getting shaded under a money tree  It go Halle Berry or hallelujah Pick your poison, tell me what you doing Everybody gon' respect the shooter But the one in front of the gun lives forever (The one in front of the gun, forever) And I been hustling all day, this-a-way, that-a-way Through canals and alleyways, just to say Money trees is the perfect place for shade and that′s just how I feel  Kendrick, just bring my car back man, I called in for another appointment I figured you weren′t gonna be back here on time anyways Look, shit, shit, I just wanna get out the house man This man's on one, he feeling good than a motherfucker Shit, I′m tryna get my thing going too, just bring my car back (girl, I want your body, I want your body) Shit, he faded, he feeling good, look, listen to him ('cause you got a big ol′ fat ass) Girl, girl, I want your body, I want your body, 'cause of that big ol′ fat ass See he high as hell, shit, he ain't even trippin' off them Damn dominoes no more (girl, I want your body, ′cause of that big ol-) Just bring the car back Did somebody say dominoes?Nobody pray for me It been that day for me Way (yeah, yeah!) Ayy, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances Finesse a nigga with some counterfeits, but now I′m countin' this Parmesan where my accountant lives; in fact, I′m downin' this D'USSÉ with my boo bae tastes like Kool-Aid for the analysts  Girl, I can buy yo′ ass the world with my paystub Ooh, that pussy good, won′t you sit it on my taste buds? I get way too petty once you let me do the extras Pull up on your block, then break it down, we playin' Tetris  A.m. to the p.m., p.m. to the a.m., funk Piss out your per diem, you just gotta hate ′em, funk If I quit your BM, I still ride Mercedes, funk If I quit this season, I still be the greatest, funk  My left stroke just went viral Right stroke put lil' baby in a spiral Soprano C, we like to keep it on a high note It′s levels to it, you and I know  Bitch, be humble (hol' up, bitch) Sit down (hol′ up, lil', hol' up, lil′ bitch) Be humble (hol′ up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil′, sit down, lil' bitch)  Be humble (hol′ up, hol' up) Bitch, sit down (hol′ up, hol' up, lil' bitch) Be humble (lil′ bitch, hol′ up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, hol′ up, hol' up, hol′ up)  Be humble (hol' up, hol′ up) Sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil′, hol′ up, lil' bitch) Be humble (hol′ up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil′, sit down, lil' bitch)  Be humble (hol′ up, hol' up) Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol′ up, lil′ bitch) Be humble (lil' bitch, hol′ up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, hol′ up, hol' up, hol′ up)  Who dat nigga thinkin' that he frontin' on Man-Man? Get the fuck off my stage, I′m the Sandman (Sandman) Get the fuck off my dick, that ain′t right I make a play fucking up your whole life  I'm so fuckin′ sick and tired of the Photoshop Show me somethin' natural like afro on Richard Pryor Show me somethin′ natural like ass with some stretch marks Still will take you down right on your mama's couch in Polo socks  Ayy, this shit way too crazy, ayy, you do not amaze me, ayy I blew cool from AC, ayy, Obama just paged me, ayy I don′t fabricate it, ayy, most of y'all be fakin', ayy I stay modest ′bout it, ayy, she elaborate it, ayy  This that Grey Poupon, that Evian, that TED Talk, ayy Watch my soul speak, you let the meds talk, ayy If I kill a nigga, it won′t be the alcohol, ayy I'm the realest nigga after all  Bitch, be humble (hol′ up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, lil′, hol' up, lil′ bitch) Be humble (hol' up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, sit down, lil′, sit down, lil′ bitch)  Be humble (hol' up, hol′ up) Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol′ up, lil' bitch) Be humble (lil′ bitch, hol' up, bitch) Sit down (hol' up, hol′ up, hol′ up, hol' up)  Be humble (hol′ up, hol' up) Sit down (hol′ up, hol' up, lil′, hol' up, lil' bitch) Be humble (hol′ up, bitch) Sit down (hol′ up, sit down, lil', sit down, lil′ bitch)  Be humble (hol' up, hol′ up, hol' up, hol′ up) Bitch, sit down (hol' up, hol' up, lil′ bitch) Be humble (lil′ bitch, hol' up, bitch) Sit down (hol′ up, hol' up, hol′ up, hol' up)Love, let′s talk about love Is it anything and everything you hoped for? Or do the feeling haunt you?I know the feeling haunt you  This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer  This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer  Tell me what you gon' do to me Confrontation ain′t nothin' new to me You can bring a bullet, bring a sword Bring a morgue, but you can't bring the truth to me  Fuck you and all your expectations I don′t even want your congratulations I recognize your false confidence And calculated promises all in your conversation  I hate people that feel entitled Look at me crazy ′cause I ain't invite you Oh, you important? You the moral to the story you endorsin′? Motherfucker, I don't even like you  Corrupt a man′s heart with a gift That's how you find out who you dealin′ with A small percentage who I'm buildin' with I want the credit if I′m losin′ or I'm winnin′ On my momma, that's the realest shit  Love, let′s talk about love Is it anything and everything you hoped for? Or do the feeling haunt you? I know the feeling haunt you  This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer  This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer  Skin covered in ego Get to talkin', I get involved, like a rebound Got no end game, got no result, got to stay down It′s the way that you making me feel like nobody ever loved me Like you do, you do You kinda feel like you tryin' to get away from me If you do, I won't move  I just cry for no reason (reason), I just pray for no reason (reason) I give thanks for the day For the hours and another way, another life breathin′ I did it all ′cause it feel good But wouldn't do it all if it feel bad Better live your life We are running out of time  Love, let′s talk about love Is it anything and everything you hoped for? Or do the feeling haunt you? I know the feeling haunt you  This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closer  This may be the night that my dreams might let me know All the stars are closer All the stars are closer All the stars are closerI got, I got, I got, I got Loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA Cocaine quarter piece, got war and peace inside my DNAI got power, poison, pain and joy inside my DNA I got hustle though, ambition, flow inside my DNA I was born like this, since one like this, immaculate conception I transform like this, perform like this, was Yeshua new weapon I don′t contemplate, I meditate, then off your fucking head This that put-the-kids-to-bed  This that I got, I got, I got, I got Realness, I just kill shit 'cause it′s in my DNA I got millions, I got riches buildin' in my DNA I got dark, I got evil, that rot inside my DNA I got off, I got troublesome heart inside my DNA  I just win again, then win again like Wimbledon, I serve Yeah, that's him again, the sound that engine in is like a bird You see fireworks and Corvette tire skrrt the boulevard I know how you work, I know just who you are  See, you′s a, you′s a, you's a Bitch, your hormones prolly switch inside your DNA Problem is, all that sucker shit inside your DNA Daddy prolly snitched, heritage inside your DNA Backbone don′t exist, born outside a jellyfish, I gauge See, my pedigree most definitely don't tolerate the front Shit I′ve been through prolly offend you, this is Paula's oldest son I know murder, conviction, burners, boosters Burglars, ballers, dead, redemption Scholars, fathers dead with kids and I wish I was fed forgiveness  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, soldier′s DNA Born inside the beast, my expertise checked out in second grade When I was 9, on cell, motel, we didn't have nowhere to stay At 29, I've done so well, hit cartwheel in my estate And I′m gon′ shine like I'm supposed to, antisocial, extrovert  And excellent mean the extra work And absentness what the fuck you heard And pessimists never struck my nerve And Nazareth gonna plead his case The reason my power′s here on earth Salute the truth, when the prophet say  I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA (this is why I say that hip hop) I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA (has done more damage to young African Americans) I live a better life, I'm rollin′ several dice, fuck your life (than racism in recent years) I got loyalty, got royalty inside my DNA (I live a be-, fuck your life) This is my heritage, all I'm inheritin′ (5, 4, 3, 2, 1) Money and power, the mecca of marriages  Tell me somethin' You motherfuckers can't tell me nothin′ I′d rather die than to listen to you My DNA not for imitation Your DNA an abomination This how it is when you're in the Matrix Dodgin′ bullets, reapin' what you sow And stackin′ up the footage, livin' on the go And sleepin′ in a villa  Sippin' from a Grammy and walkin' in the buildin′ Diamond in the ceilin′, marble on the floors Beach inside the window, peekin' out the window Baby in the pool, godfather goals Only Lord knows I′ve been goin' hammer Dodgin′ paparazzi, freakin' through the cameras Eat at Four Daughters, Brock wearin′ sandals Yoga on a Monday, stretchin' to Nirvana Watchin' all the snakes, curvin′ all the fakes  Phone never on, I don′t conversate I don't compromise, I just penetrate Sex, money, murder, these are the breaks These are the times, level number 9 Look up in the sky, 10 is on the way Sentence on the way, killings on the way Motherfucker, I got winners on the way  You ain′t shit without a body on your belt You ain't shit without a ticket on your plate You ain′t sick enough to pull it on yourself You ain't rich enough to hit the lot and skate Tell me when destruction gonna be my fate Gonna be your fate, gonna be our faith Peace to the world, let it rotate Sex, money, murder, our DNAAlls my life I has to fight, nigga Alls my life I... Hard times like, "Yah!"Bad trips like, "Yah!" Nazareth, I′m fucked up Homie, you fucked up But if God got us, then we gon' be alright  Nigga, we gon′ be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon' be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon′ be alright Nigga, we gon′ be alright Huh? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon′ be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright  Uh, and when I wake up I recognize you′re looking at me for the pay cut But homicide be looking at you from the face down What MAC-11 even boom with the bass down? Schemin', and let me tell you ′bout my life Painkillers only put me in the twilight Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight Now tell my momma I love her, but this what I like, Lord knows  20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me Reaping everything I sow, so my karma comin′ heavy No preliminary hearings on my record I′m a motherfucking gangster in silence for the record Tell the world I know it's too late Boys and girls, I think I gone cray Drown inside my vices all day Won′t you please believe when I say  Wouldn't you know We been hurt, been down before Nigga, when our pride was low Lookin′ at the world like, "Where do we go?" Nigga, and we hate po-po Wanna kill us dead in the street fo sho' Nigga, I′m at the preacher's door My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow But we gon′ be alright  Nigga, we gon′ be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon′ be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon′ be alright Huh? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon′ be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright  What you want you, a house? You, a car? 40 acres and a mule? A piano, a guitar? Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog Motherfucker, you can live at the mall I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it′s illegal I don′t think about it, I deposit every other zero Thinking of my partner, put the candy, paint it on the Regal Digging in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you  Every day my logic get another dollar just to keep you In the presence of your chico, ah! I don′t talk about it, be about it, every day I sequel If I got it then you know you got it, Heaven, I can reach you Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, my dog, that's all Bick back and Chad, I trap the bag for y′all I rap, I black on track so rest assured My rights, my wrongs, I write 'til I′m right with God  Wouldn't you know We been hurt, been down before Nigga, when our pride was low Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?" Nigga, and we hate po-po Wanna kill us dead in the street fo sho′ Nigga, I′m at the preacher's door My knees gettin′ weak, and my gun might blow But we gon' be alright  Nigga, we gon′ be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright We gon′ be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright Nigga, we gon' be alright Huh? We gon′ be alright Nigga, we gon′ be alright Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright  I keep my head up high I cross my heart and hope to die Lovin′ me is complicated Too afraid, a lot of changes I'm alright, and you′re a favorite Dark nights in my prayers  I remembered you was conflicted Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same Abusing my power, full of resentment Resentment that turned into a deep depression Found myself screamin' in the hotel room I didn′t wanna self-destruct The evils of Lucy was all around me So I went runnin' for answersHello, new world All the boys and girls I got some true stories to tellYou′re back outside But they still lied Whoa-oh-oh-oh (yeah)  Take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the Wi-Fi Take off the money phone, take off the car loan, take off the flex and the white lies Take off the weird ass jewelry, I'ma take ten steps, then I′m takin' off top five Take off them fabricated streams and them microwave memes, it's a real world outside (take that shit off)  Take off your idols, take off the runway, I take off to Cairo (take that shit off) Take off to Saint-Tropez, five-day stay, take a quarter mill′, hell, if I know (take that shit off) Take off the front flag, take off perception, take off the cop with the eye patch (take that shit off) Take off the unloyal, take off the unsure, take off decisions I lack (take it off)  Take off the fake deep, take off the fake woke, take off the, "I′m broke, I care" (take it off) Take off the gossip, take off the new logic that if I'm rich, I′m rare (take it off) Take off the Chanel, take off the Dolce, take off the Birkin bag (take it off) Take all that designer bullshit off, and what do you have?  Bitch, huh-huh Ugh, you ugly as fuck (you outta pocket) Huh, two ATMs, you steppin' or what? (You outta pocket) Huh, who you think they talk about? Talk about us (shoot, shoot, shoot, you out of pocket) Who you think they copy off? Copy off us (get back in pocket)  The world in a panic, the women is stranded, the men on a run The prophets abandoned, the law take advantage, the market is crashin′, the industry wants Niggas and bitches to sleep in a box while they makin' a mockery followin′ us This ain't Monopoly, watchin' for love This ain′t monogamy, y′all gettin' fucked  Jumping on, "What the hell is that?" I gotta relax when I feel (huh, facts) All my decendents, they come in my sleep and say I am too real (huh, facts) I′m done with the sensitive, takin' it personal Done with the black and the white, the wrong and the right You hopin′ for change and clericals, I know the feelings that came with burial's cries  Bitch, huh-huh Ugh, you ugly as fuck (you outta pocket) Huh, two ATMs, you steppin′ or what? (You outta pocket) Huh, who you think they talk about? Talk about us (shoot, shoot, shoot, you out of pocket) Who you think they copy off? Copy off us (get back in pocket)  Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought Hello to the big stepper, never losin′ count Ventin′ in the safe house, ventin' in the sa-  Can I vent all my truth? I got nothin′ to lose I got problems and pools, I can swim in my faith Camera's movin′ whenever I'm movin′ The family suin' whatever I make Murder is stackin', the president actin′ The government taxin′ my funds in a bank Homies attractin' the feds when I′m brackin' Look at my reaction, my pupils on skates (hol′ up, hol' up)  Let′s think about this for a second (let's go) Tell me what you would do for aesthetic (let's go) Would you sell your soul on credit? (Let′s go) Would you sell your bro for leverage? (Let′s go)  Where the hypocrites at? What community feel they the only ones relevant? (Go) Where the hypocrites at? What community feel they the only ones relevant? (Go, huh-huh-huh)  You outta pocket, yeah, you outta pocket (this shit hard) You entertain the mediocre, need to stop it (this shit hard) You entertainin' old friends when they toxic (this shit hard) What′s your life like? Bullshit and gossip (this shit hard) What the fuck is cancel culture, dawg? Say what I want about you niggas, I'm like Oprah, dawg I treat you crackers like I′m Jigga, watch, I own it all Oh, you worried 'bout a critic? That ain′t protocol (bitch)I said I′m geeked and I'm fired up (fired, fire) All I want tonight just get high up (high, high, high) Girl, you look so good, it′s to die for (die for)Ooh that pussy good, it's to die for (on fire)  It's a secret society All we ask is trust (All we ask is trust) All we got is us Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty  Kung Fu Kenny, now My resume is real enough for two millenniums A better way to make a wave, stop defendin′ them I meditate and moderate all of my wins again I′m hangin' on the fence again I′m always on your mind I put my lyric and my lifeline on the line And ain't no limit when I might shine, might grind You rollin′ with it at the right time, right now (Only for the dollar sign)  Bad gyal RiRi, now Swerve, swerve, swerve, swerve, deeper now On your pulse like it's EDM Gas in the bitch like it′s premium Haul ass on a bitch all in the fast lane Been a bad bitch way before any cash came I'm established Hundred carats on my name, run the atlas I'm a natural, I′m alright  I′m a savage, I'm an asshole, I′m a king Shimmy-yeah, shimmy-yeah, shimmy-yeah, rock You can tell your nigga he can meet me outside (yeah) You can babysit him when I leave him outside Ain't no other love like the one I know I done been down so long, lost hope I done came down so hard I slowed Honesty forever, all a real nigga want  I said I′m geeked and I'm fired up (fired, fire) All I want is tonight is just to get high up (yeah) (All I want is, all I want is) Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty  10-4, no switching sides Feel somethin′ wrong You acting shifty, you don't ride With me no more, I need Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty  Tell me who you loyal to Is it money? Is it fame? Is it weed? Is it drink? Is it comin' down with the loud pipes and the rain? Big chillin′, only for the power in your name Tell me who you loyal to Is it love for the streets when the lights get dark? Is it unconditional when the ′Rari don't start? Tell me when your loyalty is comin′ from the heart  Tell me who you loyal to Do it start with your women or your man? (Mmm) Do it end with your family and friends? (Mmm) Or you're loyal to yourself in advance? I said, tell me who you loyal to Is it anybody that you would lie for? Anybody you would slide for? Anybody you would die for? That′s what God for  I said I'm geeked and I′m fired up (fired, fire) All I want tonight is just to get high up (All I want is, all I want is) Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty  10-4, no switching sides Feel somethin' wrong You acting shifty, you don't ride With me no more, I need Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty  It′s so hard to be humble It′s so hard to be Lord knows is I'm trying Lord knows is I′m dying, babyI don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, soThe way I used to love you, no  I don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, oh I don't wanna know  Wasted And the more I drink, the more I think about you Oh, no-no, I can′t take it Baby, every place I go reminds me of you  Do you think of me, of what we used to be? Is it better now that I′m not around? My friends are actin' strange, they don′t bring up your name Are you happy now? Are you happy now?  I don't wanna know, know, know, know Who′s taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, no  I don't wanna know, know, know, know Who′s taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, oh I don't wanna know  And every time I go out, yeah I hear it from this one, hear it from that one That you got someone new, yeah  I see, but don't believe it Even in my head, you′re still in my bed Maybe I′m just a fool  Do you think of me? Of what we used to be? Is it better now that I'm not around? My friends are actin′ strange, they don't bring up your name (Yeah mm) Are you happy now? Are you happy now? (Mm)  I don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, no  I don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, oh I don't wanna know  No more, please stop No more hashtag boo′d up screenshots No more trying to make me jealous on your birthday You know just how I make you better on your birthday, oh  Do he do you like this, do he woo you like this? Do he lay it down for you, touch you, pull you like this? Matter of fact, never mind, we gon′ let the past be May be his right now, but your body's still with me, whoa  I don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, no  I don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, oh  I don′t wanna know, know, know, know Who's taking you home, home, home, home And loving you so, so, so, so The way I used to love you, no  I don't wanna know, know, know, know Who′s taking you home, home, home, home (You) And loving you so, so, so, so (You) The way I used to love you, oh I don′t wanna know′Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you′ve done'Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!  I can′t take it back, look where I′m at We was OG like D.O.C., remember that? My TLC was quite OD, ID my facts Now POV of you and me, similar Iraq I don't hate you, but I hate to critique, overrate you These beats of a dark heart, use basslines to replace you Take time and erase you, love don′t hear no more No, I don't fear no more Better yet, respect ain′t quite sincere no more  Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I  ′Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done ′Cause, baby, now we′ve got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don′t think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we′ve got bad blood, hey!  Remember when you tried to write me off? Remember when you thought I'd take a loss? Don′t you remember? You thought that I would need ya Follow procedure, remember? Oh, wait, you got amnesia It was my season for battle wounds Battle scars, body bumped, bruised Stabbed in the back; brimstone, fire jumping through Still, all my life, I got money and power And you gotta live with the bad blood now  Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I  'Cause, baby, now we′ve got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you′ve done 'Cause, baby, now we′ve got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don′t think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we′ve got bad blood, hey!  Band-Aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts You forgive, you forget, but you never let it go Band-Aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show If you live like that, you live with ghosts If you love like that, blood runs cold  ′Cause, baby, now we′ve got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you've done ′Cause, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey! Now we′ve got problems And I don't think we can solve ′em You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we've got bad blood, hey!  'Cause, baby, now we′ve got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look what you′ve done 'Cause, baby, now we′ve got bad blood, hey! Now we've got problems And I don′t think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And, baby, now we′ve got bad blood, hey!Takin′ my baby to school, then I pray for her 'Cause you bitches ain′t never been cool, writin' testament Paintin' pictures, put me in the Louvre, that′s a definiteUniversal shift, I′m in a groove and celebrity do not mean integrity, you fool I'm a good man, shakin′ hand, firm grip rule 72 ways, lost ten, ballin' with the flu More than two M′s for a show, but add another two Hmm, lil' Man-Man, the big mans, the GT diamond flippin′ the kickstand (ooh)  Rich nigga, broke phone (ah) Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin' strong (ooh) Stop playin′ with me ′fore I turn you to a song (yeah) Stop playin' with me ′fore I turn you to a song (ooh) Ayy, bitch, I'm attractive (ah) Can′t fuck with you no more, I'm fastin′, ugh (ooh) Bitch, I'm attractive (ah, ah, ah, ah) Can't fuck with you no more, I′m fastin′, ugh  The morality can wait, feedback on low latency I'm glitchin′ from the face as my thoughts grow sacredly I'm runnin′ out of space, ask Whitney she okay Never mind a hundred K, why you lyin' on Benjamin? He turnin′ in his grave I'd be lyin' if I said I wouldn′t give this shit away The aloof Buddha, I′m Christ with a shooter Praise to Muhammad, I might nigga-news you  AP Michael Freeman, my friends cooler Primary, so the resale value stupid I would never live my life on the computer IG'll get you life for a chikabooya More power to ya, love ′em from a distance Why you always in the mirror more than the bitches? And my cousin tried to sue me like he got the privilege But I didn't lose sleep ′cause I got the spirit, ayy (ooh)  Rich nigga, broke phone (ah) Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin′ strong (ooh) Stop playin' with me 'fore I turn you to a song (yeah) Stop playin′ with me ′fore I turn you to a song (ooh) Ayy, bitch, I'm attractive (ah) Can′t fuck with you no more, I'm fastin′, ugh (ooh) Bitch, I'm attractive (ah, ah, ah, ah) Can′t fuck with you no more, I'm fastin', ugh  Frat brother, real nigga, that brother We just upped the score, give me dap, brother Spirit medium, I don′t rap, brother We headed there now, are you strapped brother? Ayy, peacemaker, but I′m not naive, brother Ayy, gotta watch your homies and police, brother Ayy, clout chasin' hell of a disease, brother I′m fastin' four days out the week, brother  I pray to God that you realize the entourage is dead I pray to God that you not lackin′ when you off the meds I pray to God she know them Cabo trips don't last forever Bet she argue with her mama, go and get them kids I pray to God you actually pray when somebody dies Thoughts and prayers way better off timelines False claimin′ not cute, I'm mortified The new Earth in hot pursuit, two-hundred lives (ooh)  Rich nigga, broke phone (ah) Tryna keep the balance, I'm stayin′ strong (ooh) Stop playin′ with me 'fore I turn you to a song (yeah) Stop playin′ with me 'fore I turn you to a song (ooh) Ayy, bitch, I′m attractive (ah) Can't fuck with you no more, I′m fastin', ugh (ooh) Bitch, I'm attractive (ah, ah, ah, ah) Can′t fuck with you no more, I′m fastin', ughIf Pirus and Crips all got along They′d probably gun me down by the end of this song Seem like the whole city go against meEvery time I'm in the street I hear "Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk!"  Man down, where you from, nigga? Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga? Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga? This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga  Brace yourself, I′ll take you on a trip down memory lane This is not a rap on how I'm slinging crack or move cocaine This is cul-de-sac and plenty Cognac and major pain Not the drill sergeant, but the stress that weighing on your brain It was me, L Boogs and Yan Yan, YG Lucky ride down Rosecrans It got ugly, waving your hand out the window, check yourself, uh  Warriors and Conans, hope euphoria can slow dance With society, the driver seat the first one to get killed Seen a light-skinned nigga with his brains blown out At the same burger stand where - hang out Now this is not a tape recorder saying that he did it But ever since that day, I was looking at him different  That was back when I was nine, Joey packed the .9 Pakistan on every porch is fine, we adapt to crime Pack a van with four guns at a time With the sliding door, fuck is up? Fuck you shooting for if you ain't walking up, you fucking punk? Picking up the fucking pump, picking off you suckers Suck a dick or die or sucker punch, a wall of bullets coming from  AK′s, AR′s, "Ayy y'all, duck" That′s what momma said when we was eating the free lunch Aw man, goddamn, all hell broke loose You killed my cousin back in '94, fuck your truce Now crawl your head in that noose You wind up dead on the news Ain′t no peace treaty, just pieces BG's up to pre-approve Bodies on top of bodies IVs on top of IVs Obviously the coroner between the sheets like the Isleys When you hop on that trolley, make sure your colors correct Make sure you′re corporate, or they'll be calling your mother collect  They say the governor collect all of our taxes except When we in traffic and tragic happens, that shit ain't no threat You moving backwards if you suggest that you sleep with a TEC Go buy a chopper and have a doctor on speed dial, I guess, m.A.A.d city  Man down, where you from, nigga? Fuck who you know, where you from, my nigga? Where your grandma stay, huh, my nigga? This m.A.A.d city I run, my nigga  If Pirus and Crips all got along They′d probably gun me down by the end of this song Seem like the whole city go against me Every time I′m in the street I hear "Yawk! Yawk! Yawk"  Wake your punk ass up It ain't nothin′ but a Compton thang, G-yeah Real simple and plain Let me teach you some lessons about the street (Smoke somethin' nigga), hood (sup cuz?) It ain′t nothin' but a Compton thang, G-yeah, how we do  Fresh outta school ′cause I was a high school grad Sleepin' in the living room in my momma's pad Reality struck, I seen the white car crash Hit the light pole, two niggas hopped out on foot and dashed My Pops said I needed a job, I thought I believed him Security guard for a month and ended up leaving In fact, I got fired ′cause I was inspired by all of my friends To stage a robbery the third Saturday I clocked in  Projects tore up, gang signs get thrown up Cocaine laced in marijuana And they wonder why I rarely smoke now Imagine if your first blunt had you foaming at the mouth I was straight tweaking, the next weekend, we broke even I made allegiance that made a promise to see you bleeding You know the reasons but still won′t ever know my life Kendrick, a.k.a. Compton's Human Sacrifice  G-yeah, cocaine, weed Niggas been mixin′ shit since the 80s, loc Sherm sticks, butt nakeds, dip, make a nigga flip Cluck heads all up and down the block and shit One time's crooked and shit, block a nigga in Alondra, Rosecrans, Bullis, it′s Compton  I'm still in the hood, loc, G-yeah, that′s cool (G-yeah) The hood took me under so I follow the rules But G-yeah, that's like me, I grew up in the hood where they bang And niggas that rep' colors is doing the same thing Pass it to the left so I can smoke on me A couple drive-by′s in the hood lately (G-yeah) Couple of IVs with the fucking spray-can Shots in the crowd then everybody ran  Crew I′m finna slay, the street life I crave Shots hit the enemy, hearts turn brave Mount up, regulators in the whip Down the boulevard with the pistol grip (G-yeah) Trip, we in the hood still So loc, grab a strap 'cause G-yeah, it′s so real (G-yeah) Deal with the outcome, a strap in the hand And a bird and ten grands where a motherfucker stand  If I told you I killed a nigga at sixteen Would you believe me? Or see me to be innocent Kendrick you seen in the street With a basketball and some Now and Laters to eat? If I mentioned all of my skeletons Would you jump in the seat? Would you say my intelligence now is great relief? And it's safe to say that our next generation maybe can sleep With dreams of being a lawyer or doctor Instead of boy with a chopper That hold the cul-de-sac hostage Kill ′em all if they gossip  The Children of the Corn, they vandalizing The option of living a lie, drown their body with toxins Constantly drinking and drive Hit the powder then watch this flame That arrive in his eye, listen coward, the concept is aim And they bang it and slide out that bitch with deposits A price on his head, the tithes probably go to the projects I live inside the belly of the rough Compton, U.S.A. made me an Angel on Angel Dust, what?  M.A.A.d city Compton  Nigga, pass Dot the bottle, damn You ain't the one that got fucked up What you holding it for? Niggas always acting unsensitive and shit Nigga, that ain′t no word Nigga, shut up! Hey, Dot, you good, my nigga? Don't even trip, just lay back and drink thatPour up (drank) Head shot (drank) Sit down (drank)Stand up (drank) Pass out (drank) Wake up (drank) Faded (drank) Faded (drank)  Now I done grew up ′round some people livin' their life in bottles Granddaddy had the golden flask, backstroke every day in Chicago Some people like the way it feels Some people wanna kill their sorrows Some people wanna fit in with the popular, that was my problem  I was in a dark room, loud tunes Lookin′ to make a vow soon That I'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup, I see the crowd mood Changin′ by the minute And the record on repeat, took a sip, then another sip Then somebody said to me  Nigga, why you babysittin′ only two or three shots? I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it I wave a few bottles, then I watch ′em all flock All the girls wanna play Baywatch I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it  Pour up (drank) Head shot (drank) Sit down (drank) Stand up (drank) Pass out (drank) Wake up (drank) Faded (drank) Faded (drank)  Okay, now open your mind up and listen me, Kendrick I am your conscience, if you do not hear me then you will be history, Kendrick I know that you′re nauseous right now and I'm hopin′ to lead you to victory, Kendrick If I take another one down, I'ma drown in some poison, abusing my limit  I think that I'm feelin′ the vibe I see the love in her eyes I see the feeling the freedom is granted as soon as the damage of vodka arrived This how you capitalize, this is parental advice, then apparently I′m over-influenced by what you are doin' I thought I was doin′ the most 'til someone said to me  Nigga, why you babysittin′ only two or three shots? I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it I wave a few bottles, then I watch ′em all flock All the girls wanna play Baywatch I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it  Pour up (drank) Head shot (drank) Sit down (drank) Stand up (drank) Pass out (drank) Wake up (drank) Faded (drank) Faded (drank)  I ride, you ride, bang One chopper, one hundred shots, bang Hop out, do you bang? Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang I ride, you ride, bang One chopper, one hundred shots, bang Hop out, do you, bang? Two chopper, two hundred shots, bang  Nigga, why you babysittin' only two or three shots? I′ma show you how to turn it up a notch First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it I wave a few bottles, then I watch ′em all flock All the girls wanna play Baywatch I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Pool full of liquor, I'ma dive in it  Pour up (drank) Had shot (drank) Sit down (drank) Stand up (drank) Pass out (drank) Wake up (drank) Faded (drank) Faded (drank)Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh  I′m always ready for a war againGo down that road again It's all the same I′m always ready to take a life again You know I'll ride again It's all the same (ooh, ooh, ooh) Tell me who′s gon′ save me from myself When this life is all I know Tell me who's gon′ save me from this hell Without you, I'm all alone  Who gon′ pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I′m alone, you see If I'm gon' die for you If I′m gon′ kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey  I fight the world, I fight you, I fight myself I fight God, just tell me how many burdens left I fight pain and hurricanes, today I wept I′m tryna fight back tears, flood on my doorsteps Life a livin' hell, puddles of blood in the streets Shooters on top of the building, government aid ain′t relief Earthquake, the body drop, the ground breaks The poor run with smoke lungs and Scarface Who need a hero? (Hero) You need a hero, look in the mirror, there go your hero Who on the front lines at ground zero? (Hero) My heart don't skip a beat, even when hard times bumps the needle Mass destruction and mass corruption The souls of sufferin′ men Clutchin' on deaf ears again, rapture is comin' It′s all prophecy and if I gotta be sacrificed for the greater good Then that′s what it gotta be  Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? ′Cause I'm alone, you see If I′m gon' die for you If I′m gon' kill for you Then I'll spill this blood for you, hey  Hey, hey, hey, hey  Hey, hey, hey, hey  Who gon′ pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? ′Cause I'm alone, you see If I′m gon' die for you If I′m gon' kill for you Then I′ll spill this blood for you, hey  Just in case my faith go, I live by my own law I live by my own law, I live by my own Just in case my faith go, I live by my own law I live by my own law, I live by my ownI hope you find some peace of mind in this lifetime Tell them, tell ′em, tell them the truth I hope you find some paradise (tell them, tell 'em the truth)Tell ′em, tell 'em, tell 'em, tell them your-  I′ve been goin′ through somethin' One thousand, eight hundred and 55 days I′ve been goin' through somethin′ Be afraid  What is a bitch in a miniskirt? A man in his feelings with bitter nerve What is a woman that really hurt? A demon, you're better off killin′ her What is a relative, making repetitive narratives on how you did it first? That is a predator, hit reverse All of your presidents evil thirst  What is a neighborhood rep'table? That is a snitch on a pedestal What is a house with a better view? A family broken in variables What is a rapper with jewelry? A way that I show my maturity What if I call on security? That mean I'm calling on God for purity  I went and got me a therapist I can debate on my theories and sharing it (whoa) Consolidate all my comparisons Humblin′ up because time was imperative (whoa) Started to feel like it′s only one answer to everything, I don't know where it is (whoa) Popping a bottle of Claritin (whoa) Is it my head or my arrogance? (Whoa)  Shaking and moving, like, what am I doing? I′m flipping my time through the Rolodex Indulging myself and my life and my music, the world that I'm in is a cul-de-sac The world that we in is just menacing, the demons portrayed religionous I wake in the morning, another appointment, I hope the psychologist listenin′  The new Mercedes with black G Wagon The "Where you from?" It was all for rap I was 28 years young, twenty mill' in tax Bought a couple of mansions just for practice Five hundred in jewelry, chain was magic Never had it in public, late reaction 50K to cousins, post a caption Pray none of my enemies hold me captive  I grieve different  I grieve different Huh  I met her on the third night of Chicago North America tour, my enclave Fee-fi-fo-fum, she was a model Dedicated to the songs I wrote and the Bible Eyes like green, penetratin′ the moonlight Hair done in a bun, energy in the room like Big Bang for theory, God, hopin' you hear me Phone off the ringer, tell the world I'm busy  Fair enough, green eyes said her mother didn′t care enough Sympathize when her daddy in the chain gang Her first brother got killed, he was 21 I was nine when they put Lamont in the grave Heartbroken when Estelle didn′t say goodbye Chad left his body after we FaceTimed Green eyes said you'd be okay, first tour, sex the pain away  I grieve different  I grieve different Huh  The new Mercedes with black G Wagon The "Where you from?" It was all for rap I was 28 years young, twenty mill′ in tax Bought a couple of mansions just for practice Five hundred in jewelry, chain was magic Never had it in public, late reaction 50K to cousins, post a caption Pray none of my enemies hold me captive  So what? Paralyzed, the county building controlled us I bought a Rolex watch, I only wore it once I bought infinity pools, I never swimmed in I watched Keem buy four cars in four months You know the family dynamic's on repeat The insecurities locked down on PC I bought a .223, nobody peace treat You won′t doo-doo me, I smell TNT  Dave got him a Porsche, so I got me a Porsche Paid lottery for it, I ain't want it in portions Poverty was the case But the money wipin′ the tears away  I grieve different Everybody grieves different Everybody grieves different I grieve different HuhWe may not know which way to go on this dark road  (Mr. Duckworth)All of these hoes make it difficult  Session ten, breakthrough  One of these lives, I′ma make things right With the wrongs I've done, that′s one of you now With the Father, Son, 'til then, I fight Rain on me, put the blame on me Got guilt, got hurt, got shame on me Got six magazines that's aimed at me Done every magazine, what′s fame to me?  It′s a game to me, where the bedroom at? (And I'm tripping and falling) Sleep, I ain′t never had affairs with that What's fed when the hearts and the words don′t reach? What's fair when the money don′t take things back? It's rare when somebody take your dreams back  I care too much, wanna share too much (and I'm tripping and falling) In my head too much, I shut down too I ain′t there too much, I′m a complex soul They layered me up, then broke me down And morality's dust, I lack in trust  This time around, I trust myself (and I′m tripping and falling) Please everybody else but myself All else fails, I was myself Outdone fear, outdone myself This year, you better one yourself  Masks on the babies, mask on an opp (and I'm tripping and falling) Wear masks in the neighborhood stores you shop But a mask won′t hide who you are inside Look around, the reality's carved in the lies Wipe my ego, dodge my pride  Look myself in the mirror (and I′m tripping and falling) Amityville, I ain't seen nothing scarier (on and on and on and on) I fought like a Pitbull Terrier, blood I shed could fill up aquariums Tell all my angels, "Carry 'em" (and I′m tripping and falling) Every emotion been deprived, even my strong points couldn′t survive If I didn't learn to love myself, forgive myself a hundred times, dawg  I love when you count me out (huh) I love when you count me out I love when you count me out (brrah, ooh, brrah, ooh, brrah) I love when you count me out (brrah, ooh, brrah, ooh, brrah) Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fucking it up How you gon′ win my trust when the lies run deep? (Brrah, ooh, brrah) How you gon' bend your love when the bad don′t sleep? Beep, beep, crash our feelings in the middle of the street (vroom, vroom) Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fucking it up  When you was at your lowest, tell me, where the hoes was at? When you was at your lowest, tell me, where the bros was at? 3:30 in the morning, scroll through the call log Ain't nobody but the mirror looking for the fall off (brrr)  I love when you count me out I love when you count me out I love when you count me out I love when you count me out (brrah, ooh, brrah, ooh, brrah) My name is in your mouth, shoo, shoo  It′s gon' take more than pride to stop Call 911, I caught a body Sun up now, yesterday is fading Healing's only one mile away  Let me tell you ′bout the women I know (that′s my baby) I know karma like to follow us strong (sheesh) I know millionaires that feel alone (sheesh) Anytime I couldn't find God, I still could find myself through a song Many find they life in a phone  Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fucking it up  You said I′d feel better if I just worked hard Without lifting my head up, that left me fed up You made me worry, I wanted my best version But you ignored me, then changed the story Then changed the story  Good energy in the room, drop the location, please Antibiotic for the womb when I'm frustrated, please (Antibiotic for the womb when I′m frustrated) Tryna keep my good conscious in rotation (no, no) Thoughts in my head, they living there with no (tryna keep my good)  I made a decision, never give you my feelings Fuck with you from, fuck with you from a distance Some put it on the devil when they fall short I put it on my ego, lord of all lords Sometimes I fall for her, dawg  I love when you count me out I love when you count me out (sheesh) I love when you count me out (sheesh) I love when you count me out (brrah, ooh, brrah, ooh, brrah) My name is in your mouth Fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fucking it up (shoo, shoo)  Miss Regrets, I believe that you done me wrong (Miss Regrets) Miss Regrets, can you please exit out my home? (Miss Regrets) Miss Regret, I think I'm better off alone (Miss Regrets) Miss Regret, Miss Regret, I got these deep regrets  (And I′m tripping and falling) some things I can't forget Lord knows, I tried my best, you said it's not my best I came up out my flesh Some things I must confess (and I′m tripping and falling) Spoke my truth, paid my debt, can′t you see I'm a wreck? (Ah-yah) Let me lose, I digress, this is me and I′m blessed (ah-yah, ah-yah)  This is me and I'm blessed (ah-yah) This is me and I′m blessed (ah-yah) This is me and I'm blessed (ah-yah) Anybody fighting through the stress? (Ah-yah) Anybody fighting through the-I am a sinner who′s probably gonna sin again Lord, forgive me! Lord, forgive me!Things I don't understand Sometimes I need to be alone Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! I can feel your energy from two planets away I got my drink, I got my music I would share it, but today I'm yelling  Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe!  Look inside of my soul And you can find gold and maybe get rich Look inside of your soul and you can find out it never exist I can feel the changes I can feel a new life, I always knew life can be dangerous I can say that I like a challenge and you tell me it's painless You don′t know what pain is How can I paint this picture When the color blind is hangin' wit′ ya?  Fell on my face and awoke with a scar Another mistake livin' deep in my heart Wear it on top of my sleeve in a flick I can admit that it did look like yours Why you resent every making of his? Tell me your purpose is petty again But even a small lighter can burn a bridge Even a small lighter can burn a bridge  I can feel the changes I can feel the new people 'round me just wanna be famous You can see that my city found me Then put me on stages, to me that′s amazin′ To you that's a quick check With all disrespect, let me say this  I am a sinner who′s probably gonna sin again Lord, forgive me! Lord, forgive me! Things I don't understand Sometimes I need to be alone  Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! I can feel your energy from two planets away I got my drink, I got my music I would share it, but today I′m yelling  Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe!  I'm tryna keep it alive And not compromise the feeling we love You′re tryin' to keep it deprived And only co-sign what radio does And I′m lookin' right past ya We live in a world, we live in a world on two different axles You live in a world, you livin′ behind the mirror I know what you scared of The feeling of feeling emotions inferior This shit is vital, I know you had to This shit is vital, I know you had to  Die in a pitiful vain, tell me a watch and a chain Is way more believable, give me a feasible gain Rather a seasonal name I'll let the people know this is somethin' you can blame On yourselves, you can remain stuck in a box I′ma break out and then hide every lock I′ma break out and then hide every lock  I can feel the changes I can feel the new people 'round me just wanna be famous You can see that my city found me Then put me on stages, to me that′s amazin' To you that′s a quick check With all disrespect, let me say this  I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again Lord, forgive me! Lord, forgive me! Things I don′t understand Sometimes I need to be alone Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! I can feel your energy from two planets away I got my drink, I got my music I would share it, but today I′m yelling  Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe!  Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! You ain't heard the Coast like this in a long time Don′t you see that long line? And they waiting on Kendrick like the first and the fifteenth Threes in the air, I can see you are in sync Hide your feelings, hide your feelings Now what you better do I'll take your girlfriend and put that pussy on a pedestal  Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Walk out the door and they scream it′s alive My New Year's resolution is to stop all the pollution Talk too motherfuckin′ much, I got my drink, I got my music  I say bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe! Bitch, don't kill my vibe! Bitch, don′t kill my vibe!  K-Dot, get in the car, nigga! Come on, we finna roll out! Nigga, I got a pack of blacks and a beat CD Get yo' freestyles ready!I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that's my fuckin problemAnd yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem If finding somebody real is your fuckin problem Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it  Hold up bitches simmer down Takin' hella long bitch give it to me now Make that thing pop like a semi or a nine Oh baby like it raw with a shimmy shimmy ya Huh, ASAP get like me Never met a motherfucker fresh like me All these motherfuckers wanna dress like me Put the chrome to your dome make you sweat like Keith Cause I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga Like how you figure? Getting figures and fuckin bitches She rollin′ swishers for her bitches I bought my niggas they getting bent up off the liquor She love my licorice, I let her lick it They say money make a nigga act nigger-ish But at least a nigga nigga rich I be fuckin′ broads like I be fuckin' bored Turn a dyke bitch out have her fuckin′ boys Beast  I love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem If finding somebody real is your fuckin problem Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it  I know you love it when this beat is on Make you think about all of the niggas you′ve been leading on Make me think about all of the rappers I've been feeding on Got a feeling that's the same dudes that we speakin′ on, oh word? You ain′t heard my album? Who you sleepin' on? You should print the lyrics out and have a fucking read-along Ain′t a fucking sing-along unless you brought the weed along Then ju- (okay, okay, okay...) Then just drop down and get yo' eagle on Or we can stare up at the stars and put The Beatles on All that shit you talkin′ bout is not up for discussion I will pay to make it bigger, I don't pay for no reduction If it′s comin' from a nigga I don't know, then I don′t trust it If you comin′ for my head, then motherfucker get to bustin' Yes Lord, I don′t really say this often But this long dick nigga ain't for the long talkin I beast  I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem If finding somebody real is your fuckin problem Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve it  Yeah ho this the finale My pep talk turn into a pep rally Say she's from the hood but she live inside in the valley now Vacate in Atlanta, then she going back to Cali Got your girl on my line, world on my line The irony I fuck 'em at the same damn time She eyeing me like a nigga don′t exist Girl, I know you want this dick Girl, I′m Kendrick Lamar Aka Benz is to me just a car That mean your friends need to be up to a par See my standards are pampered by threesomes tomorrow Kill 'em all dead bodies in the hallway Don′t get involved listen what the crystal ball say Halle Berry, hallelujah Holla back i'll do ya Beast  I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem I love bad bitches that′s my fuckin problem And yeah I like to fuck I got a fuckin problem If finding somebody real is your fuckin problem Bring ya girls to the crib maybe we can solve itUh-oh, running out of breath, but I Oh, I, I got stamina Uh-oh, running now, I close my eyesWell, oh, I got stamina And uh-oh, I see another mountain to climb But I, I got stamina And uh-oh, I need another love to be mine Cause I, I got stamina  Don′t give up; I won't give up Don′t give up, no no no Don't give up; I won't give up Don′t give up, no no no  I′m free to be the greatest, I'm alive I′m free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive The greatest, the greatest alive  Well, uh-oh, running out of breath, but I Oh, I, I got stamina Uh-oh, running now, I close my eyes But, oh, I got stamina And oh yeah, running to the waves below But I, I got stamina And oh yeah, I'm running and I′m just enough And uh-oh, I got stamina  Don't give up; I won′t give up Don't give up, no no no Don't give up; I won′t give up Don′t give up, no no no  I'm free to be the greatest, I′m alive I'm free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive The greatest, the greatest alive  Oh-oh, I got stamina Oh-oh, I got stamina Oh-oh, I got stamina Oh-oh, I got stamina  Hey, I am the truth Hey, I am the wisdom of the fallen; I′m the youth Hey, I am the greatest; hey, this is the proof Hey, I work hard, pray hard, pay dues, hey I transform with pressure; I'm hands-on with effort I fell twice before; my bounce back was special Letdowns will get you, and the critics will test you But the strong will survive; another scar may bless you, ah  Don′t give up (no no) I won't give up (no no) Don't give up, no no no (nah) Don′t give up; I won′t give up Don't give up, no no no  I′m free to be the greatest, I'm alive I′m free to be the greatest here tonight, the greatest The greatest, the greatest alive (Don't give up, don′t give up, don't give up, no no no) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don't give up, don′t give up, don′t give up, no no no)  The greatest, the greatest alive (Don't give up, don′t give up, don't give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don′t give up, don't give up, don′t give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don't give up, don't give up, don′t give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don′t give up, don't give up, don′t give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don't give up, don′t give up, don't give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive Don′t give up, don't give up, don't give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don′t give up, don′t give up, don't give up; I got stamina) The greatest, the greatest alive (Don′t give up, don't give up, don′t give up; I got stamina)Every second, every minute Man, I swear that she can get it Say if you a bad bitch, put your hands up highHands up high, hands up high Tell ′em dim the lights down right now Put me in the mood I'm talkin′ about dark room, perfume, go, go  I recognize your fragrance Hold up, you ain't never gotta say shit Uh, and I know your taste is A little bit, hmm, high maintenance Uh, everybody else basic You live life on an everyday basis With poetic justice, poetic justice If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room Would you trust it? I mean, I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when You're in the mood for empathy, there′s blood in my pen Better yet, where your friends and ′em? I really wanna know you all I really wanna show you off Fuck that, pour up plenty of champagne Cold nights when you curse this name You called up your girlfriends And y'all curled in that little bitty Range I heard that she wanna go and party, she wanna go and party Nigga, don′t approach her with that Atari Nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry They say conversation rule a nation, I can tell But I could never right my wrongs ′Less I write it down for real, P.S.  You can get it, you can get it You can get it, you can get it And I know just, know just, know just Know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright (A-a-anytime) You can get it, you can get it You can get it, you can get it (At any place) And I know just, know just, know just Know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright  I really hope you play this, 'cause ol′ girl you test my patience With all these seductive photographs And all these one-off vacations you've been takin' Clearly a lot for me to take in, it don′t make sense Young East African girl, you too busy fuckin′ with your other man I was tryna put you on game, put you on a plane Take you and your momma to the motherland I could do it, maybe one day When you figure out you're gonna need someone When you figure out it′s alright here in the city And you don't run from where we come from That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice You were so new to this life, but goddamn, you got adjusted I mean, I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex Your natural hair and your soft skin And your big ass in that sundress, ooh Good God, what you doin′ that walk for? When I see that thing move I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more They say communication save relations, I can tell But I can never right my wrongs Unless I write 'em down for real, P.S.  You can get it, you can get it You can get it, you can get it And I know just, know just, know just Know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright You can get it, you can get it You can get it, you can get it And I know just, know just, know just Know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright  Every time I write these words they become a taboo Makin′ sure my punctuation curve, every letter here's true Livin' my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof I′m talkin′ poetic justice, poetic justice If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room Would you trust it? I mean, you need to hear this Love is not just a verb, it's you lookin′ in the mirror Love is not just a verb, it's you lookin′ for it, maybe Call me crazy, we can both be insane A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain I mean, you need to hear this, love is not just a verb And I can see power steerin', sex drive when you swerve I want that interference, it′s coherent, I can hear it Mhmm, that's your heartbeat It either caught me or it called me, mhmm Read slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, P.S.  You can get it, you can get it You can get it, you can get it And I know just, know just, know just Know just, know just what you want Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright  "I′m gon′ ask you one more time, homie Where is you from? Or it is a problem." "Ayy, you over here for Sherane, homie?" "Yo, I don't care who this nigga over here for If he don′t tell me where he from, it's a wrap! I′m sorry." "Hol' up, hol′ up, hol' up, we gon' do it like this, okay? I′ma tell you where I′m from, okay? You gon' tell me where you from, okay? Or where your grandma stay Where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, okay?" "Enough with all this talkin′." "Matter of fact, get out the van, homie! Get out the car before I snatch you out that motherfucker, homie!"Miss me with that bullshit (bullshit) You ain′t really wild, you a tourist (a tourist) I be blackin' out with the purist (the purist)I made a hundred thou′ then I freaked it (I freaked it) I made 500 thou' then I freaked it (I freaked it) I bought a '87 for the weekend (the weekend) This ain′t what you want, this ain′t what you want (what you want) This ain't what you want, this ain′t what you want (what you want)  And it's like that, lil′ bitch MVP, I don't get no sleep, no, I don′t like that, lil' bitch Bust that open, I want that ocean, yeah that bite back, lil' bitch Do it bite back, lil′ bitch? Need two life jackets, lil′ bitch  I ain't gon′ hold you, I ain't gon′ press you, never control you I ain't gon′ front you, keep it 100, I don't know you Boss like Top Dawg, bossed my life up, crossin' over Stutter steppin′, got a Hall of Fame in all my posters  I′ve been ready, my whip been ready My bitch been ready, my clique been ready My shit's been ready, my check′s been ready My shot's on full, that′s Armageddon I got pull, I hope y'all ready My tank on full, you know, unleaded I gotta go get it, I gotta go get it I gotta go get it, I gotta go get it  My name gon′ hold up, my team gon' hold up My name gon' hold up, my team gon′ hold up My shots gon′ fire, my team gon' roll up Ménage-à-trois, my queen gon′ roll up I hope y'all ready, you know I′m ready I reign all day, you know, confetti I gotta go get it, I gotta go get it I gotta go get it, I gotta go get it, skrrt  Miss me with that bullshit (bullshit) You're not a gang member, you′s a tourist (a tourist) I be blackin' out, I be blackin' out Bought an ′83 Cutlass for the weekend (for the weekend) I got a hundred thousand, then I freaked it (then I freaked it) I made 500 thousand, then I freaked it (then I freaked it) I put a Rolls-Royce on my wrist, oh yeah Fuck his baby mama tryna sneak diss I took her to my penthouse, then I freaked it (then I freaked it) I haven′t made my mind up, should I keep it? (Should I keep it?) I got big dog status, it ain't no secret  La di da di da, slob on me knob Pass me some syrup, fuck me in the car La di da di da, motherfuck the law Chitty chitty bang, murder everything Bitch, I′m on a roll and I put that on the gang  Yeah, miss me with that bullshit (bullshit) You ain't really wild, you a tourist (a tourist) I be blackin′ out with the purist (the purist) I made a hundred thou' then I freaked it (I freaked it) I made 500 thou′ then I freaked it (I freaked it) I bought a '87 for the weekend (the weekend) This ain't what you want, this ain′t what you want (what you want) This ain′t what you want, this ain't what you want (what you want)  Changes Is you gon′ do something? What you want?  Red light, green light, red light, green light Red light, green light, they like We like fast cars, fast money, fast life, fast broads Egotistic, goin' ballistic, why God? Born warrior, lookin′ for euphoria But I don't see it, I don′t feel it, I'm paraplegic  Tapped in when I'm maxed in Comp-Town with the MAC 10s And the pumps in the background I was absent Never OG, standout, I was lackin′ Everything else but doubt in the Magnum Holding Magnums with a Magnum Nigga, ad-lib and I sing out loud Never had friends, never had ends, never had hope They was like, "Nope," I was like, "Boo yaow, boo yaow" (Yeah, God)  Tee off the day, know we off the, be off the, eat off your plate Throw me off, I be, "Off ya head" Well ate, on C4, I′m way off the edge Fuck integrity, fuck your pedigree, fuck your feelings, fuck your culture Fuck your moral, fuck your family, fuck your tribe Fuck your land, fuck your children, fuck your wives Who am I? Not your father, not your brother  Not your reason, not your future Not your comfort, not your reverence, not your glory Not your heaven, not your angel, not your spirit Not your message, not your freedom Not your people, not your neighbor Not your baby, not your equal Not the title y'all want me under All hail King Killmonger  Red light, green light, red light, green light Red light, green light, they like, we like Fast carsAmerica, America has a problem  LlamaTourbillion watcher, pgLang caller, 9-11 slider Look at my garage, it′s synced up Get the genie out the bottle and point at any model Llama What, wait, what, ay, what? Go stink, fuck it up, go stink, fuck it up Go stink, that's what′s up, go stink, I'm in love Hey booboo, too much complexity to learn me from Google My momma told me that the money outgrew you My horoscope said I'm really out my noodle I′m troublin′, I'm puzzlin′, it's sudoku Say Bey, its America got a problem Geeked up, choosy love well, they chose violence Universal, please don′t play possum I'm a business man doin′ as follows Truthfully, I be lyin' in my rap song 'Cause I always fail to mention I′d slap, homie His career didn′t come with no life insurance Hope his day one fans got some facts on him I'm an honorary Beyhive, let′s see why Them diamonds don't be fly, they all CGI You better get it off your chest like breast reduction If she stressed over you, she′s stressed for nothin' Hol′ up, wait a minute Even AI gotta practice clonin' Kendrick The double entendre, the encore remnants I bop like ten men, the ops need ten men (Out for her) Billboard (ride or else), they know (bust or else), after HOV, rightfully so (not us) (Culture) simmer down (Regattas), I go (They got us) I go  Heard you got that D for me Pray your love is deep for me I'ma make you go weak for me Make you wait a whole week for me (for me) I see you watching, fiending I know you want it, scheming I know you need it, drug lord You want it on you? Don′t I know You need love, I need some too Do you want this like it wants you? Know that booty gon′ do what it want to Can't hit it one time, multiple I know you see these rack-rack-racks on me Now come and get hi-i-i-i-i-igh 20, 40, 80 out the trap, hit it with the rap Put it on the map, then we right back (back, back, back) Call me when you wanna get hi-i-i-igh Tony Montana with the racks Ivy P on my bag, double Gs on my dash Nigga, I′m bad, I'm bad Tell me when you wanna get hi-i-i-igh  Boy, you can′t get no higher than this, no, no 'Cause love don′t get no higher than this, no, no, no, no, no  Grind (grind) Boy, you know I grind When I (grind) pull up these jeans, you're mine (When I pull up these jeans) you're mine When I (you′re mine) step on the scene, they (you′re mine) Can't wait to back it up Your ex-dealer dope, but it ain′t crack enough I'm supplyin′ my man, I'm in demand soon as I land Just know I roll with them goons In case you start actin′ familiar This kind of love, big business Whole slab, I kill for  Boy, you can't get no higher than this (higher), no 'Cause love don′t get no higher than this (higher), no, no, no, no, no  Grind (grind) Boy, you know I grind When I (grind) pull up these jeans, you′re mine (When I pull up these jeans) you're mine When I (you′re mine) step on the scene, they (you're mine) Can′t wait to back it up Your ex-dealer dope, but it ain't crack enough I′m supplyin' my man, I'm in demand soon as I land Just know I roll with them goons In case you start acting familiar This kind of love, big business Whole slab, I kill for  Know that booty gon′ do what it want to (damn) Can′t hit it one time, multiple (yeah) I know you see these rack-rack-racks on me Now come and get hi-i-i-i-i-igh 20, 40, 80 out the trap, hit it with the rap Put it on the map, then we right back (higher, back, I'm back) Call me when you wanna get hi-i-i-igh Tony Montana with the racks Ivy P on my bag, double G′s on my dash Nigga, I'm bad (higher), I′m bad Tell me when you wanna get hi-i-i-ighI got a bone to pick I don′t want you monkey mouth motherfuckers sittin' in my throne again (Aye aye nigga whats happenin′ nigga, K Dot back in the hood nigga)I'm mad (He mad), but I ain't stressin′ True friends, one question  Bitch where you when I was walkin′? Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta Black man taking no losses Bitch where you when I was walkin′? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin', King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  When you got the yams (What′s the yams?) The yam is the power that be You can smell it when I'm walking down the street (Oh yes we can, oh yes we can) I can dig rapping, but a rapper with a ghost writer? What the fuck happened? (Oh no) I swore I wouldn′t tell But most of y'all share bars, like you got the bottom bunk in a two man cell (A two man cell) Something's in the water (Something′s in the water) And if I got a brown nose for some gold then I′d rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller  Bitch where you when I was walkin′? Now I run the game got the whole world talkin', King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta Black man taking no losses Bitch where you when I was walkin′? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin', King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  When you got the yams (What′s the yams?) The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires 24/7, 365 days times two I was contemplatin' gettin' on stage Just to go back to the hood see my enemies and say...  Bitch where you when I was walkin′? Now I run the game got the whole world talkin′, King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, Kunta Black man taking no losses Bitch where you when I was walkin'? Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin′, King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  (You goat mouth mammy fucker) I was gonna kill a couple rappers but they did it to themselves Everybody's suicidal they don′t even need my help This shit is elementary, I'll probably go to jail If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left Stuck a flag in my city, everybody′s screamin' "Compton" I should probably run for Mayor when I'm done, to be honest And I put that on my Mama and my baby boo too Twenty million walkin′ out the court buildin′, woo woo! Ah yeah, fuck the judge I made it past 25 and there I was A little nappy headed nigga with the world behind him Life ain't shit but a fat vagina Screamin′ "Annie are you ok? Annie are you ok?" Limo tinted with the gold plates Straight from the bottom, this the belly of the beast From a peasant to a prince to a motherfuckin' king  Bitch where was you when I was- *POP* (By the time you hear the next pop, the funk shall be within you) *POP* Now I run the game got the whole world talkin′, King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him, (King) Kunta Black man taking no losses Bitch where was you when I was walkin' Now I run the game got the whole world talkin′, King Kunta Everybody wanna cut the legs off him  (Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk) We want the funk We want the funk (Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it) We want the funk (Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it) We want the funk (Now if I give you the funk, you gon′ take it) We want the funk (Do you want the funk?) We want the funk (Do you want the funk?) We want the funk (Now if I give you the funk, you gon′ take it) We want the funk  I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influenceUh-uh, fuck that (fuck that)  8 doobies to the face, fuck that12 bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that 2 pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that Got a high tolerance when your age don′t exist  Man, I swear my nigga trippin' off that shit again Pick him up, then I set him in cold water Then I order someone to bring him Vicodin Hope that take the pain away From the feeling that he feel today You know when you part of Section .80 Feel like no one can relate  ′Cause you are, you are, a loner, loner Marijuana, endorphins, make you stronger, stronger I'm in the house party trippin' off My generation sippin′ cough syrup like it′s water Never no pancakes in the kitchen Man, not one our lives is caught up In the daily superstition that the world is 'bout to end Who gives a fuck? We never do listen  Unless it comes with an 808 (A melody and some hoes) PlayStation and some drank (Technology bumping soul) Looking around and all I see Is a big crowd, that′s product of me And they probably relatives Relevant for a rebel's dream  Yep, her president is black, she black too Purple label on her back, but that tab is light blue She take it straight to the head Then she look at me, she got A.D.H.D  8 doobies to the face, fuck that 12 bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that 2 pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that Got a high tolerance when your age don′t exist  Like woah-oh-oh, woah (Don't got a limit, just gimme some more with it) (Don′t got a limit just gimme some more with it) (They always told me A.D.H.D did it)  And then she started And then she started feelin' herself Like no one else in this apartment Beg your pardon Oh, I rap baby, how old are you? She say 22, I say 23 Okay then, we all crack babies Damn, why you say that? She said, where my drink at? I'ma tell you later, just tell your neighbors And the police relax  I stood up, shut the blinds Closed the screen, jumbotron Made to the back, where she reside Then she said, read between the lines  Yep, hope that I get close enough When the lights turn down And the fact that she just might open up When the Nuvo start to drown her body And I, know the both of us really deep in the mood now It′s nothing we can do now Somebody walked in with a pound Of that Bay Area kush  She looked at me then looked, at it Then she grabbed it Then she said, get it understood You know why we crack babies Because we born in the 80s That A.D.H.D crazy  8 doobies to the face, fuck that 12 bottles in the case, nigga, fuck that 2 pills and a half-weight, nigga, fuck that Got a high tolerance when your age don′t exist  Like woah-oh-oh, woah (Don't got a limit just gimme some more with it) (Don′t got a limit just gimme some more with it) (They always told me A.D.H.D did it)  You can have all my shine I'll give you the light Double cup, deuce, four, six Just mix it in Sprite Ecstasy, ′shrooms, blow, dro, hoes Whatever you like You can have all my shine I'll give you the lightAmerica, God bless you if it′s good to you America please take my hand Can you help me underst-New Kung Fu Kenny  Throw a steak off the yacht To a pool full of sharks, he'll take it Leave him in the wilderness With a sworn nemesis, he′ll make it Take the gratitude from him I bet he'll show you something, woah I'll chip a nigga little bit of nothing I′ll chip a nigga little bit of nothing I′ll chip a nigga little bit of nothing I'll chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap Walk myself to the court like bitch I did that x-rated Johnny don′t wanna go to school no more, no more Johnny said books ain't cool no more (no more) Johnny wanna be a rapper like his big cousin Johnny caught a body yesterday out hustlin′ God bless America you know we all love him Yesterday I got a call like from my dog like 101 Said they killed his only son because of insufficient funds He was sobbin', he was mobbin′, way belligerent and drunk Talkin' out his head philosphing on what the lord had done He said, "K-Dot can you pray for me? It's been a fucked up day for me I know that you anointed, show me how to overcome" He was lookin′ for some closure Hopin′ I could bring him closer To the spiritual, my spirit do no better, but I told him "I can't sugar coat the answer for you This is how I feel—if somebody kill my son That mean somebody′s gettin' killed" Tell me what you do for love, loyalty, and passion of All the memories collected, moments you could never touch I wait in front a niggas spot and watch him hit his block I′ll catch a nigga leavin' service if that′s all I got I'll chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap Walk myself to the court like, "Bitch I did that" Ain't no black power when your baby killed by a coward I can′t even keep the peace, don′t you fuck with one of ours It be murder in the street, it be bodies in the hour Ghetto bird on the street, paramedics on the dial Let somebody touch my momma Touch my sister, touch my woman Touch my daddy, touch my niece Touch my nephew, touch my brother You should chip a nigga then throw the blower in his lap Matter fact, I'm ′bout to speak at this convention Call you back  Alright kids we're gonna talk about gun control (Pray for me) Damn  It′s not a place This country is to be a sound of drum and bass You close your eyes to look around  Hail Mary, Jesus and Joseph The great American flag Is wrapped and dragged with explosives Compulsive disorder, sons and daughters Barricaded blocks and borders Look what you taught us It's murder on my street, w′all street, back streets Wall street, corporate offices, banks Employees and bosses with homicidal thoughts Donald Trump's in office, we lost Barack And promised to never doubt him again But is America honest or do we bask in sin? Pass the gin, I mix it with American blood Then bash him in, you crippin'ìg or you married to blood? I′ll ask again—oops—accident It′s nasty when you set us up Then roll the dice, then bet us up You overnight the big rifles, then tell Fox to be scared of us Gang members or terrorists, et cetera, et cetera Americas reflections of me That's what a mirror does  It′s not a place This country is to be a sound of drum and bass You close your eyes to look ar-When the lights shut off And it′s my turn to settle down My main concernPromise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me  I said when the lights shut off And it's my turn to settle down My main concern Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me  I woke up this morning and figured I′d call you In case I'm not here tomorrow, I'm hoping that I can borrow A peace of mind, I′m behind on what′s really important My mind is really distorted, I find nothing but trouble in my life I'm fortunate you believe in a dream This orphanage we call a ghetto is quite a routine And last night was just another distraction or a reaction Of what we consider madness, I know exactly what happened You ran outside when you heard my brother cry for help Held him like a newborn baby and made him feel Like everything was alright and a fight he tried to put up But the type of bullet that stuck had went against his will As blood spilled on your hands, my plans rather vindictive Everybody′s a victim in my eyes When I ride, it's a murderous rhythm and outside became pitch black A demon glued to my back whispering, "Get ′em" I got 'em, and I ain′t give a fuck That same mentality that told my brother not to duck In actuality, it's a trip how we trip off of colors I wonder if I'll ever discover a passion like you and recover The life that I knew as a young′n in pajamas and dun-ta-duns When thunder comes it rains cats and dogs Dumb niggas like me never prosper Prognosis of a problem child, I′m proud and well devoted This piru shit been in me forever So forever I'mma push it, wherever, whenever And I love you ′cause you love my brother like you did Just promise me you'll tell this story when you make it big And if I die before your album drop, I hope (gunshots)  Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me I said when the lights shut off And it′s my turn to settle down My main concern Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me  You wrote a song about my sister on your tape And called it Section.80, the message resembled "Brenda's Got a Baby" What′s crazy was, I was hearing about it But doubted your ignorance how could you ever just put her on blast and shit Judging her past and shit, well, it's completely my future Her nigga behind me right now asking for ass and shit And I'mma need that forty dollars even if I gotta Fuck, suck and swallow in the parking lot Gonzales Park, I′m followed by a married man, a father of three My titties bounce on the cadence of his tinkling keys Matter of fact, he my favorite ′cause he tip me with E's He got a cousin named David and I seen him last week This is the life of another girl damaged by the system These foster homes, I run away and never do miss ′em See, my hormones just run away and if I can get 'em back To where they used to be then I′ll probably be in the denim Of a family gene that show women how to be woman Or better yet, a leader, you need her to learn somethin' Then you probably need to beat her, that′s how I was taught Three niggas in one room, first time I was tossed And I'm exhausted, but fuck that "Sorry for your loss" shit My sister died in vain, but what point are you trying to gain If you can't fit the pumps I walk in? I′ll wait Your rebuttal a little too late And if you have a album date, just make sure I′m not in the song 'Cause I don′t need the attention bring enough of that on my own And matter fact, did I mention that I physically feel great? A doctor's approval is a waste of time, I know I′m straight I'll probably live longer than you and never fade away I′ll never fade away, I'll never fade away, I know my fate And I'm on the grind for this cake, I′mma get it or die trying I′m eyeing every male gender with intentions of buying You lying to these motherfuckers, talking about you can help 'em With my story, you can help me if you sell this pussy for me, nigga Don′t ignore me, nigga, fuck your glory, nigga...  When the lights shut off And it's my turn to settle down My main concern Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me I said when the lights shut off And it′s my turn to settle down My main concern Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me  Sometimes I look in a mirror and ask myself: Am I really scared of passing away? If it's today, I hope I hear a Cry out from heaven so loud it can water down a demon With the holy ghost ′til it drown in the blood of Jesus I wrote some raps that make sure that my lifeline Reeking the scent of a reaper, ensuring that my allegiance With the other side may come soon, and if I'm doomed May the womb help my mother be blessed for many moons I suffer a lot, and every day the glass mirror Get tougher to watch; I tie my stomach in knots And I'm not sure why I′m infatuated with death My imagination is surely an aggravation of threats That can come about, ′cause the tongue is mighty powerful And I can name a list of your favorites that probably vouch Maybe 'cause I′m a dreamer and sleep is the cousin of death Really stuck in the schema of wondering when I'mma rest And you′re right, your brother was a brother to me And your sister's situation was the one that pulled me In a direction to speak of something that′s realer than the TV screen By any means, wasn't trying to offend or come between Her personal life, I was like, "It need to be told" Cursing the life of twenty generations after her soul Exactly what'd happen if I ain′t continued rappin′ Or steady being distracted by money drugs and four- Fives, I count lives all on these songs Look at the weak and cry, pray one day, you'll be strong Fighting for your rights even when you′re wrong And hope that at least one of you sing about me when I'm gone Am I worth it? Did I put enough work in?  Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me I said when the lights shut off And it′s my turn to settle down My main concern Promise that you will sing about me Promise that you will sing about me  (Promise that you'll sing about me forever Promise that you′ll sing about me for-ooooh) Promise that you'll sing about me forever Promise that you'll sing about me for-ooooh Promise that you′ll sing about me forever Promise that you′ll sing about me for-ooooh  (On the phone:) "Nigga, the homie's brother-- nigga, right here, he gone, my nigga, he gone!" "Nigga-- they just killed the homie′s brother, my nigga. We right here on the block, my nigga." "Al- alright, nigga-- nigga just come-- alright, alright, just call me back, man, just call me back." (Hangs up) "Arghh... *fuck!* ...So what we gon' do, my niggas? What we gon′ do?" "Bro, we can go back right now, my nigga. Like... nigga, I don't give a FUCK, my nigga. We can go back right now.*" "Fuck! I′m tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin' runnin′, I′m tired of this shit! My brother, homie!"  Tired of running, tired of hunting My own kind but retiring nothing Tires are steady screeching, the driver is rubbing Hands on the wheel, who said we wasn't Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst  Dope on the corner, look at the coroner Daughter is dead, mother is mournin′ her Strayed bullets, AK bullets Resuscitation was waiting patiently but they couldn't Bring her back, who got the footage? Channel 9, cameras is looking It′s hard to channel your energy when you know you're crooked Banana clip, split his banana pudding I′m like Tre, that's Cuba Gooding I know I'm good at Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst  How many sins? I′m running out How many sins? I lost count Dreams of balling like Spalding But only shotty bounce The reaper calling, I′m cottonmouth Money is power (money is power) Yours is ours (yours is ours) Lay with a snitch, die with a coward Hope we get rich, hope we can tower Over the city with vanity with the music louder The same song, a black flower I'll show you how to dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst  What are we doing? Who are we fooling? Hell is hot, fire is proven To burn for eternity, return of the student That never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it Tired of running, choirs is hummin′ Tell us to visit, we lying 'bout comin′ Now back to business, loading the guns in Back of the Buick, your hood is feuding, and the beef is bubblin' It′s no discussion Hereditary, all of my cousins Dying of thirst, dying of thirst, dying of thirst  Too many sins, I'm running out Somebody send me a well for the drought See, all I know, is taking notes On taking this life for granted, granted, if he provoke My best days, are stress days (Lord, forgive me for all my sins for I not know...) My best days, are stress days Say "Fuck the world," my sex slave Money, pussy and greed; what's my next crave Whatever it is, know it′s my next grave Tired of running, tired of running Tired of tumbling, tired of running Tired of tumbling Back once my momma say "See a pastor, give me a promise What if today was the rapture, and you completely tarnished The truth will set you free, so to me be completely honest You dying of thirst, you dying of thirst So hop in that water, and pray that it works"  Fuck! I′m tired of this shit! I'm tired of fuckin′ runnin', I′m tired of this shit! That's my brother, homie! ("Young man, come talk to me! Is that what I think that is?) I know that′s not what I think that is Why are you so angry? See you young men are dying of thirst Do you know what that means? That means you need water, holy water You need to be baptized, with the spirit of The Lord Do you want to receive God as your personal savior? Okay, repeat after me Lord God, I come to you a sinner (Lord God, I come to you a sinner) And I humbly repent for my sins" (And I humbly repent for my sins) I believe that Jesus is Lord (I believe that Jesus is Lord) I believe you raised him from the dead (I believe you raised him from the dead) I would ask that Jesus come into my life (I would ask that Jesus come in my life) And to be my Lord and Savior And to be my Lord and Savior) I receive Jesus to take control of my life" (I receive Jesus to take control of my life) And that I may live with him from this day forward (And that I may live with him from this day forward) Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood (Thank you Lord Jesus for saving me with your precious blood) In Jesus name, amen (In Jesus name, amen) Alright now, remember this day: the start of a new life Your REAL life.We do not exist in Any other instant Here in this dimensionYou and I are meant to be I have waited lifetimes to find you Now that you′re here, I can remind you Of the things you've been dreamin′ times two I promise you  If you just give me 24 Man, all I need is 24 hours I promise you'll want plenty more You'll probably be with it forever So how does it sound, us on the ground Giving you my love?  (Oh, yeah) There′s no place quite like here There′s no better time than now You gotta stay ready There's no place quite like here There′s no better time than now That's why I stay ready  You tell me find your spot with the warning that I might slip And when you climb on top that′s the ultimate road trip Ride on my like your Pac got me thinkin' it′s 96' I can rap on some 90s shit, wrap your leggings around my hip  I'm so hip to it, tourists wanna come speculate But if I stay monogamous promise this kiss will always taste like candy And yeah, it′s obvious mom′nem probably can't stand me I′m sure they tired of this look that you have when you're antsy We gon′ fuck around (mmm), we gon' fuck around And triple through triplets of babies right now And that might break the record, and no, that don′t mean you're fertile That means we're fucking reckless, plus we don′t use protection  I find myself reading old text messages when I′m bored We find ourselves sexting 'til that connection is restored I know that sounds immature, but if we never grow up Then I wish you good luck on the seats that′s inside this Porsche  Come to me Come, come to me Look at what you've done to me You put a gun to me Then you brought the sun to me  Shine like blood diamonds Learning to have patience only ′cause you are timeless The universe energy doesn't lie And this chemistry is infinity at a million times I wrote a million rhymes describing your star power And after 24 bars, you get 24 hours  (Oh, yeah) There′s no place quite like here There's no better time than now You gotta stay ready There's no place quite like here There′s no better time than now That′s why I stay ready  All that I know is right now Nothing's for sure but, right now Gotta get yours like, right now Like, right now All that I know is right now Nothing′s for sure but, right now Gotta get yours like, right now Like, right now  I been through some shit man But I be on my shit man I decided that what you give is what you're given So I been tryna do it right I been doing like Whatever gets me through the night  What a life I′m steady always on the go You steady always on the go We steady losing all control  What a life What a life What a life What a life  They say the truth ain't pretty But coming from that pretty mouth the truth is fitting ′Cause you ain't never talkin' loud and you know plenty You know what I′m talkin′ 'bout ′cause you just get me Yeah, you so pretty  If everything is dipped in gold Then, baby, it will never grow Everything sweet ain't sugar coated  What a life What a life What a life What a life What a life What a life that I′ve been given What a life What a life that I been living What a life What a life we die to live in What a life  What a life What a life What a life What a lifeEvery nigga is a star, yeah Every nigga is a star Every nigga is a star, yeahEvery nigga is a star Every nigga is a star, yeah Who would deny that you and I, and Every nigga is a star Hit me  When the four corners of this cocoon collide You′ll slip through the cracks, hoping that you'll survive Gather your wind, take a deep look inside Are you really who they idolize To pimp a butterfly?  At first, I did love you But now I just wanna fuck Late night thinkin′ of you Until I got my nut Tossed and turned, lesson learned You was my first girlfriend Bridges burned, all across the board Destroyed, but what for?  When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies Blue-eyed devil with a fat ass monkey I'ma buy a brand new Cutty on fours Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce four Platinum on everything, platinum on wedding ring Married to the game, made a bad bitch yours  When I get signed, homie, I′ma buy a strap Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap Take a few M-16s to the hood Pass ′em all out on the block, what's good? I′ma put the Compton swap meet by the White House Republican, run up, get socked out Hit the Pres with a Cuban link on my neck Uneducated but I got a million dollar check, like that  We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home (everybody get out)  At first, I did love you (love you) But now I just wanna fuck (I just wanna fuck) Late nights thinkin' of you (of you) Until I got my nut (you know I get money) Tossed and turned, lesson learned You was my first girlfriend Bridges burned, all across the board Destroyed, but what for?  Yo, what′s up? It's Dre Remember the first time you came out to the house? You said you wanted a spot like mine But remember, anybody can get it The hard part is keeping it, motherfucker  What you want you? A house or a car? Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar? Anything, see, my name is Uncle Sam on your dollar Motherfucker, you can live at the mall  I know your kind (that′s why I'm kind) Don't have receipts (oh man, that′s fine) Pay me later, wear those gators Cliché and say, "Fuck your haters" I can see the baller in you I can see the dollar in you Little white lies, but it′s no white collar in you But it's whatever though because I′m still followin' you Because you make me live forever baby, count it all together baby Then hit the register and make me feel better baby  Your horoscope is a gemini, two sides So you better cop everything two times Two coupes, two chains, two c-notes Too much ain′t enough both we know Christmas, tell 'em what′s on your wish list Get it all, you deserve it Kendrick And when you hit the White House, do you But remember, you ain't pass economics in school And everything you buy, taxes will deny I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before 35 (yeah)  Lookin′ down is quite a drop (it′s quite a drop, drop) Lookin' good when you′re on top (when you're on top you got it) A lot of metaphors, leavin′ miracles metaphysically in a state of euphoria Look both ways before you cross my mind  We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home We should never gave We should never gave niggas money Go back home, money, go back home  Tax man comin'Uh, Martin had a dream Martin had a dream Kendrick have a dream All my life I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower So, I can fuck the world for 72 hours  Goddamn, I feel amazing, damn, I′m in the matrix My mind is livin' on cloud nine and this nine is never on vacation Sound of that Maserati and vroom-vroom, I′m racin' Poppin' pills in the lobby and I pray they don′t find her naked And I pray you niggas is hatin′, shooters go after Judas Jesus Christ, if I live life on my knees, ain't no need to do this Park it in front of Lueders, next to that Church′s Chicken All you pussies is losers, all my niggas is winners, screamin'  All my life I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower So, I can fuck the world for 72 hours Goddamn, I got bitches (okay), damn, I got bitches (okay) Damn I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress All my life I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower  I got 25 lighters on my dresser, yes sir Put fire to that ass, body cast on a stretcher And her body got that ass that a ruler couldn′t measure And it make me cum fast but I never get embarrassed And I recognize you have what I've been wantin′ since that record That Adina Howard, had pop it fast to impress her She rollin', I'm holdin′ my scrotum and posin′ This voice here is golden, so fuck y'all, I goes in and  All my life I want money and power (whoa-oh) Respect my mind or die from lead shower (whoa-oh) I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower (whoa-oh) So, I can fuck the world for 72 hours (oh) Goddamn, I got bitches, damn, I got bitches Damn, I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress All my life I want money and power Respect my mind or nigga, it′s go time  I roll in dough with a good grind And I run at hoe, with a baton That's a relay race with a bouquet They say "K, you gon′ marry mines" Biatch, no way, biatch, no way, biatch, no way, biatch, okay I'm never livin′ life confined, I still feel ya even if I'm blind (whoa)  I can tell ya who, what, when, where, how to sell your game right on time (whoa) Biatch, go play, biatch, go play, biatch, go play (whoa) Biatch, I look like OJ, killin' everything from pussy to a motherfuckin′ Hit-Boy beat She pussy poppin′ and I got options like an Audible, I be C-O-M-P-T-O-N, I win, then ball at your defeat C-O-M-P-T-O-N, my city, mobbin' in the street, yellin′  A-a-all my life I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower I pray my dick get big as the Eiffel Tower So, I can fuck the world for 72 hours Goddamn I got bitches, damn I got bitches Damn, I got bitches, wifey, girlfriend and mistress All my life I want money and power Respect my mind or die from lead shower  Let it run, Ali Martin had a dream Martin had a dream Kendrick have a dreamPour up (drank), head shot (drank) Sit down (drank), stand up (drank) Pass out (drank), wake up (drank)Faded (drank), faded (drank)  Now I done grew up ′round some people livin' their life in bottles Granddaddy had the golden flask Backstroke every day in Chicago Some people like the way it feels Some people wanna kill their sorrows Some people wanna fit in with the popular, that was my problem  I was in the dark room, loud tunes, lookin′ to make a vow soon That I'ma get fucked up, fillin' up my cup, I see the crowd mood Changin′ by the minute and the record on repeat Took a sip, then another sip, then somebody said to me  Nigga why you babysittin′ only two or three shots? I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it  I wave a few bottles, then I watch ′em all flock All the girls wanna play Baywatch I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Po-pool full of liquor I'ma dive in it  Pour up (drank), head shot (drank) Sit down (drank), stand up (drank) Pass out (drank), wake up (drank) Faded (drank), faded (drank)  Okay, now open your mind up and listen me, Kendrick I′m your conscience, if you do not hear me Then you will be history, Kendrick I know that you're nauseous right now And I′m hopin' to lead you to victory, Kendrick If I take another one down I'ma drown in some poison abusin′ my limit  I think that I′m feelin' the vibe, I see the love in her eyes I see the feelin′, the freedom is granted As soon as the damage of vodka arrive This how you capitalize, this is parental advice Then apparently, I'm over-influenced by what you are doin′ I thought I was doin' the most then someone said to me  Nigga why you babysittin′ only two or three shots? I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it  I wave a few bottles, then I watch 'em all flock All the girls wanna play Baywatch I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Po-pool full of liquor I′ma dive in it  Pour up (drank), head shot (drank) Sit down (drank), stand up (drank) Pass out (drank), wake up (drank) Faded (drank), faded (drank)  I ride, you ride, bang One chopper, 100 shots, bang Hop out, do you bang? Two chopper, 200 shots, bang  I ride, you ride, bang One chopper, 100 shots, bang Hop out, do you bang? Two chopper, 200 shots, bang  Nigga why you babysittin′ only two or three shots? I'ma show you how to turn it up a notch First you get a swimming pool full of liquor, then you dive in it Pool full of liquor, then you dive in it  I wave a few bottles, then I watch ′em all flock All the girls wanna play Baywatch I got a swimming pool full of liquor and they dive in it Po-pool full of liquor I'ma dive in it  Pour up (drank), head shot (drank) Sit down (drank), stand up (drank) Pass out (drank), wake up (drank) Faded (drank), faded (drank)  Sherane, Sherane (Pool full of Kendrick′s lies in it) (W-watch 'em all flock) Aw man, where is she takin′ me? Where is she takin' me? (Pool full of liquor I'ma die in it)  All I, all I, all I, all I have in life is my new appetite for failure And I got Hunger pain that grow insane, tell me do that sound familiar? If it do then you′re like me, making excuse that your relief Is in the bottom of the bottle and the greenest indo leaf As the window open I release everything that corrode inside of me  I see you joking, why you laugh? Don′t you feel bad? I probably sleep and never ever wake up Never ever wake up, never ever wake up In God I trust But just when I thought I had enough  They stomped the homie out over a bitch? K-Dot, you good, blood? Now we can drop, ye we can drop you back off That nigga's straight, man, that nigga ain′t trippin'  We gon′ do the same ol' shit I′ma pop a few shots, they gon' run, they gon' run opposite ways Fall right in -′s lap And he gon′ tear they ass up, simple as that  And I hope that bitch that set him up out there We gon' pop that bitch too Wait hold up, ayy, I see someone  Aha, got them niggas, K-Dot, you good? L-, you good? Yeah, blood, I′m good, Dave, you good? Dave? Dave, say somethin', Dave? These bitch ass niggas killed my brotherHey! (Oh, whoa) Why, oh, why, oh, why, oh, why you keep fuckin′ with me? You gon' make me jump out my skin, believe me Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!" Push these bitches off me like, "Huh!" Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!" I′m pushin' the snakes, I'm pushin′ the fakes I′m pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" Pushin′ them all off me like, "Huh!" (Yeah)  Uh-huh, I be immune to shit (uh-huh) Tuck in the broom and shit (uh-huh) They want to assume and shit (uh-huh) Know you a choke, my assets are close I hide like thе moon and shit (uh-huh) Know the results, the ballot is in and I'm about to boom again (uh-huh)  You funny, dawg Peek-a-boo, can′t hidе behind your money, dawg A week or two, I meditate on runnin' lost Swerve, swerve, swerve, shake the currents off, yeah  Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!" Push these bitches off me like, "Huh!" Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!" I′m pushin' the snakes, I'm pushin′ the fakes I′m pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" Pushin′ them all off me like, "Huh!" (Yeah)  Head up, chest out It's all laxed, I′m stressed out Shh! Be quiet, I'm stressed out Stressed out, stressed out, stressed  Came my daughter up, she need all the love I need all the love, I mean all of us It′s like six o'clock, bitch, you talk too much You makin' it awkward love I mean it′s hard enough, I mean it′s-  They don't fuck with me even if they could Pull out the stick, hit a bitch with the wood First apart roll would be vert in the hood Don′t worry about us over here, we good  The AP Roman Numeral Everywhere I go I need pharmaceuticals I ran my whole conglomerate I was just mappin' shit out in the cubicle  Suicide crews at funeral Track hot, launch like a slingshot Big ole ruby diamond on my pinkey finger That bitch look like a Ring Pop  Money on my mind, money on your head Can′t rap three times while you comin' through the jets Red cross cap a nigga fade In the studio with K Dot fresh out the feds  Yeah, you niggas can′t stand the rain, niggas don't stand a chance Yeah, shuffle like candy paint, I spend a band on a Benz I call the bitch off a Google app I'm the type to kill my shooter weapon I had to survive off a tuna pack  Five percent tint on the wood like who was that? Cu Tang caught niggas mad Beat the dope with a fo′, I′m whippin' up Sudafed Only doin′ scams in the lab  Every Thursday girls they spendin' time with my daughter Made me go harder Every Sunday Service, they teach my boy to be a man I ain′t have no father  Fell in the love with the block, I ain't have no park Just a sawed-off shotgun Mossberg We stackin′ that money up propper Opp with diamonds it look like marbles Audemars water, aqua beatin' a blocker 'til we spout ′em I don′t want your ice, boy, I want your life But fuck it, I might still rob 'em  Yo Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!" Push these bitches off me like, "Huh!" Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!" I′m pushin' the snakes, I′m pushin' the fakes I′m pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" Pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" (Yeah)  Head up, chest out It′s all laxed (huh, huh, huh), I′m stressed out Shh! Be quiet, I'm stressed out Stressed out, stressed out, stressed out             Kendrick Lamar - The Blacker the Berry Lyrics | Musixmatch                  <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWQN4HC"         height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">       </iframe>        Type song title, artist or lyricsMusixmatchPROTop lyricsCommunityAcademyPodcastsSign inLyricsThe Blacker the BerryKendrick LamarWritten by:MoreLast update on: September 25, 2022No translations available+Add Translation                       Play "The Blacker the B…"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       Lyrics for The Blacker the Berry by Kendrick LamarEverything black, I don′t want black (They want us to bow) I want everything black, I ain't need black (Down to our knees) Some white, some black, I ain′t mean black (And pray to a God)I want everything black (That we don't believe) Everything black, want all things black I don't need black, want everything black Don′t need black, our eyes ain′t black I own black, own everything black  Six in the morn', fire in the street Burn, baby, burn, that′s all I wanna see And sometimes I get off watchin' you die in vain It′s such a shame they may call me crazy They may say I suffer from schizophrenia or somethin' But homie, you made me Black don′t crack, my nigga  I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015 Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean Been feeling this way since I was 16, came to my senses You never liked us anyway, fuck your friendship, I meant it I'm African-American, I′m African I′m black as the moon, heritage of a small village Pardon my residence Came from the bottom of mankind My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide You hate me don't you? You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture You′re fuckin' evil I want you to recognize that I′m a proud monkey You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me And this is more than confession I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion I′m guardin' my feelings, I know that you feel it You sabotage my community, makin' a killin′ You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga  The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot  I said they treat me like a slave, cah′ me black Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we black And man a say they put me inna chains, cah′ we black Imagine now, big gold chains full of rocks How you no see the whip, left scars pon' me back But now we have a big whip parked pon′ the block All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we black Remember this, every race start from the block, just remember that  I′m the biggest hypocrite of 2015 Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean I mean, it's evident that I'm irrelevant to society That′s what you′re telling me, penitentiary would only hire me Curse me till I'm dead Church me with your fake prophesizing that I′mma be just another slave in my head Institutionalized manipulation and lies Reciprocation of freedom only live in your eyes You hate me don't you? I know you hate me just as much as you hate yourself Jealous of my wisdom and cards I dealt Watchin′ me as I pull up, fill up my tank, then peel out Muscle cars like pull ups, show you what these big wheels 'bout, ah Black and successful, this black man meant to be special CAT scans on my radar, bitch, how can I help you? How can I tell you I′m making a killin'? You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga  The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot  I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me black Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah′ we black And man a say they put me inna chains, cah′ we black Imagine now, big gold chains full of rocks How you no see the whip, left scars pon' me back But now we have a big whip parked pon′ the block All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we black Remember this, every race start from the block, just remember that  I′m the biggest hypocrite of 2015 When I finish this if you listenin' then sure you will agree This plot is bigger than me, it′s generational hatred It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification I′m African-American, I′m African I'm black as the heart of a fuckin′ Aryan I'm black as the name of Tyrone and Darius Excuse my French but fuck you — no, fuck y′all That's as blunt as it gets, I know you hate me, don′t you? You hate my people, I can tell cause it's threats when I see you I can tell cause your ways deceitful Know I can tell because you're in love with that Desert Eagle Thinkin′ maliciously, he get a chain then you gone bleed him It′s funny how Zulu and Xhosa might go to war Two tribal armies that want to build and destroy Remind me of these Compton Crip gangs that live next door Beefin' with Pirus, only death settle the score So don′t matter how much I say I like to preach with the Panthers Or tell Georgia State "Marcus Garvey got all the answers" Or try to celebrate February like it's my B-Day Or eat watermelon, chicken, and Kool-Aid on weekdays Or jump high enough to get Michael Jordan endorsements Or watch BET cause urban support is important So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street? When gang banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me? Hypocrite!Report a problemWriter(s): Jeffrey Campbell, Matthew Samuels, Zale Epstein, Ken Lewis, Kendrick Duckworth, Stephen Noel Kozmeniuk, Brent Kolatalo                        Play "The Blacker the B…"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       No translations available+Add Translation2k favoritesEmbedShareLast activitiesLast edit bySusan SabatiniSeptember 25, 2022Synced byreaper cultyApril 23, 2022Translated byTranslation Assistant December 22, 2022Correct lyricsListen to Podcasts talking about Kendrick Lamar.Discover PodcastsTo Pimp a Butterfly Mar 15th 201501Wesley's Theory (feat. George Clinton & Thundercat) 02For Free? (Interlude) 03For Free? - Interlude 04King Kunta 05Institutionalized (feat. Bilal, Anna Wise & Snoop Dogg) 06These Walls (feat. Bilal, Anna Wise & Thundercat) See morePowered by AI Curated by peopleStart your discoveryEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어CompanyAbout usPeoplePressContactBlogPodcast TranscriptionsProductsFor Music CreatorsFor PublishersFor PartnersFor DevelopersFor the CommunityPodcast TranscriptionsCommunityOverviewGuidelinesBecome a CuratorHelp CenterAsk the CommunityCommunity BlogEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어MusixmatchPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyEULACopyright🇮🇹 Made with love & passion in Italy.  🌎 Enjoyed everywhereAll artists:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#        C is for Cookie 🍪By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Manage cookies Accept AllPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.             More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonPerformance Cookies  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My ChoicesAs I get a little older, I realize life is perspective And my perspective may differ from yours I wanna say thank you to everyone that′s been down with meAll my fans, all my beautiful fans Anyone who's ever gave me a listen, all my people  I come from a generation of pain, where murder is minor Rebellious and Margielas′ll chip you for designer Belt buckles and clout, overzealous if prone to violence Make the wrong turn, be a will of the wheel alignment  Residue burned, missed at a inner-city Miscommunication to keep homi' detective busy No protection is risky Desensitized, I vandalized pain Covered up and camouflaged Get used to hearin' arsenal rain  Analyze, risk your life, take the charge Homies done fucked your baby mama once you hit the yard, that′s culture Twenty-three hour lockdown, then somebody called Said your lil′ nephew was shot down, the culture's involved  I done seen niggas do seventeen, hit the halfway house Get out and get his brains blown out, lookin′ to buy some weed Car wash is played out, new GoFundMe accounts'll proceed A brand-new victim′ll shatter those dreams, the culture  (I want, I want, I want, I want) But I want you to want me too (I want, I want, I want, I want) I want the hood to want me back (I want, I want, I want, I want) I want the hood Look what I done for you (look what I done for you) Look what I done for you  I said I do this for my culture To let y'all know what a nigga look like in a bulletproof Rover In my mama′s sofa was a doo-doo popper Head tricker, walk up closer Ain't no Photoshoppin'  Friends bipolar, grab you by your pockets No option if you froze up, always play the offense Niggas goin′ to work and sellin′ work, late for work Workin' late, prayin′ for work, but he on paperwork That's the culture, point the finger, promote ya Remote location, witness protection, they gon′ hold ya  The streets got me fucked up, y'all can miss me I wanna represent for us New revolution was up and movin′ I'm in Argentina wiping my tears full of confusion Water in between us, another peer's been executed History repeats again Make amends, then find a nigga with the same skin to do it  But that′s the culture, crack a bottle Hard to deal with the pain when you′re sober By tomorrow, we forget the remains, we start over That's the problem Our foundation was trained to accept whatever follows Dehumanize, insensitive Scrutinize the way we live for you and I  Enemies shook my hand, I can promise I′ll meet you In a land where no equal is your equal Never say I ain't told ya, nah In the land where hurt people hurt more people Fuck callin′ it culture  (I want, I want, I want, I want) But I want you to want me too (I want, I want, I want, I want) I want the hood to want me back (I want, I want, I want, I want) I want the hood Look what I done for you (look what I done for you) Look what I done for you  Take the drums out  Celebrate new life when it come back around The purpose is in the lessons we learnin' now Sacrifice personal gain over everything Just to see the next generation better than ours I wasn′t perfect, the skin I was in had truly suffered  Temptation and patience, everything that the body nurtures I felt the good, I felt the bad, and I felt the worry But all-in-all, my productivity had stayed urgent Face your fears, always knew that I would make it here Where the energy is magnified and persevered  Consciousness is synchronized and crystal clear Euphoria is glorified and made His Reflectin' on my life and what I done Paid dues, made rules, change outta love Them same views made schools change curriculums But didn't change me starin′ down the barrel of that gun  Should I feel resentful I didn′t see my full potential? Should I feel regret about the good that I was into? Everything is everything, this ain't coincidental I woke up that morning with more heart to give you As I bleed through the speakers, feel my presence  To my brother, to my kids, I′m in Heaven To my mother, to my sis, I'm in Heaven To my father, to my wife, I am serious, this is Heaven To my friends, make sure you countin′ them blessings To my fans, make sure you make them investments  And to the killer that sped up my demise I forgive you, just know your soul's in question I seen the pain in your pupil when that trigger had squeezed And though you did me gruesome, I was surely relieved I completed my mission, wasn′t ready to leave But fulfilled my days, my Creator was pleased  I can't stress how I love y'all I don′t need to be in flesh just to hug y′all The memories recollect just because y'all Celebrate me with respect The unity we protect is above all  And Sam, I′ll be watchin' over you Make sure my kids watch all my interviews Make sure you live all the dreams we produce Keep that genius in your brain on the move And to my neighborhood, let the good prevail Make sure them babies and the leaders outta jail  Look for salvation when troubles get real ′Cause you can't help the world until you help yourself And I can′t blame the hood the day that I was killed Y'all had to see it, that's the only way to feel And though my physical won′t reap the benefits The energy that carry on emits still  I want you             Baby Keem feat. Kendrick Lamar - range brothers Lyrics | Musixmatch                  <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWQN4HC"         height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">       </iframe>        Type song title, artist or lyricsMusixmatchPROTop lyricsCommunityAcademyPodcastsSign inLyricsrange brothersBaby Keem, Kendrick Lamar Last update on: December 10, 2022Restricted LyricsUnfortunately we're not authorized to show these lyrics.Powered by AI Curated by peopleStart your discoveryEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어CompanyAbout usPeoplePressContactBlogPodcast TranscriptionsProductsFor Music CreatorsFor PublishersFor PartnersFor DevelopersFor the CommunityPodcast TranscriptionsCommunityOverviewGuidelinesBecome a CuratorHelp CenterAsk the CommunityCommunity BlogEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어MusixmatchPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyEULACopyright🇮🇹 Made with love & passion in Italy.  🌎 Enjoyed everywhereAll artists:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#        Real niggas do not deserve pussy Meaning it′s more, you see right through walls Ain't talkin′ about pussyMeaning you deserve the whole box of chocolates Come at me Forrest Gump had a lot goin' for him Never without pussy Y'know, Jenny almost gave it all up for him Never even pushed for the pussy Where′s Forrest now when you need him? Talk to me, talk to me Hey, ayy, hey Attention, all you niggas All you bitches  Sit back and relax your mind, just ride, just ride Sit back and relax, you′ll find just why, just why Sit back, relax, just ease your mind, just ride You are now watching MADtv  Niggas'll lose they mind for it Wine for it, dine for it (pussy) Spend time for it, see no colored line for it (pussy) Double back handicap and go blind for it (pussy) Pussy got endless prisoners Pussy always revengin′ her Pussy is calculating And good pussy is rather dangerous Pussy can be so facetious, the heavyweight champ Pussy is so undefeated, let's amen to that I mean, the pump fakes on the Facebooks And the screw face when the bae look Won′t get you no pussy I mean, the fake chains and the gold names For insecure, gon' reassure you not to get pussy You overcompensate too much for the pussy You like to throw all kinda shade for the pussy See, that′s what pussy niggas do I know the ways of a pussy, I see pussy lookin' at you How many niggas get mistaken for clitoris in a day? How many sentiments you make before runnin' pussy away? How many times she gotta tell you that dick is disposable? But if she fuck a young nigga like me, it′s over for you Solána, middle fingers up, speak your truth  You could never trivialize pussy But a bum nigga like you would try it (pussy) I know what you really ′bout High key, your dick is weak, buddy It's only replaced by a rubber substitute We ain′t feelin' you Think I caught a vibe, kinda feel a nigga You could touch the booty if you like, I ain′t trippin' on ya (Such a nice girl, SZA) I′m really tryna crack off that headboard And bust it wide open for the right one 'Cause you that one Yeah, you that one Like doves in the wind, hey, hey That pussy, like doves in the wind, hey, hey Pussy like doves in the wind  I will make you beg for it I wanna see you call out  Sit back and relax your mind, just ride (Give you all of me and I won't stop, not a little bit) Sit back and relax, you′ll find just why (Dangerous boy, I wanted to do it all) Sit back, relax, just ease your mind, just ride (Unfortunately you couldn′t get your shit together) You are now watching MADtv  We take things, and my influence so far, and then it's out of my hands And, y′know, while as I said it can be scary, it can also be a little bit comforting Because I've learned that when I get to that point, and I can acknowledge, Okay, Audrey, that′s as much as you can do I can actually let itHeart plays in ways the mind can′t figure out Heart plays in ways the mind can't- Heart plays in ways the mind can′t figure outThis is how we conceptualize human beings  My auntie is a man now I think I'm old enough to understand now Drinking Paul Masson with her hat turned backwards Motorola pager, off-white Guess jacket Blue Air Max's, gold chains and curl kits ′93 Nissan wax job, the earliest Big social, big personality, vocal Played underground verbatim and stayed local  My auntie is a man now I watch him and his girl hold their hands down Tip of the avenues under street lights made his Thinking, "I want me a bad bitch when I get big" They hug on the corner like California king Cold hand all up her skirt, cars whistling down the road See, my auntie is a man now, slight bravado Scratching the likes from lotto Hoping that she pull up tomorrow So I can hang out in the front seat Six by nines, keeping the music up under me  My auntie is a man now I asked my momma why my uncles don′t like him that much And at the parties why they always wanna fight him that much She said, "ain't no telling Niggas always been jealous because he had more women More money and more attention made more envy Calling him anything but broke was less offending"  My auntie is a man now I think I′m old enough to understand now Drinking Paul Masson with her hat turned backwards Back when it was comedic relief to say "faggot" "Faggot, faggot, faggot," we ain't know no better Elementary kids with no filter, however My auntie became a man and I took pride in it She wasn′t gay, she ate pussy, and that was the difference That's what I told my friends in second grade She picking me up from school, they stare at her in the face They couldn′t comprehend what I grew accustomed We pull off bumping quick like it was nothing  My auntie is a man now, what a relationship I grew up fast, I needed no one to babysit He gave me some cash, then gave me some game Cherry freshener on the dash, I never complained She even cut my hair at the pad, was loving my fade The first person I seen write a rap, that's when my life had changed  House full of demo, smoke stuck on the window Cameras on the microphone, all women and men though My auntie was a man now, we cool with it The history had trickled down and made us ig'nant My favorite cousin said he′s returning the favor And following my auntie with the same behavior  Demetrius is Mary-Ann now He′s more confident to live his plan now But the family in disbelief this time Convincing themselves, "He ain't living discreet, he′s fine" They said they never seen it in him, but I seen it The Barbie dolls played off the reflection of Venus  He built a wall so tall you couldn't climb over He didn′t laugh as hard when the kids start joking "Faggot, faggot, faggot," we ain't know no better Middle school kids with no filter, however I had to be very mindful of my good cousin I knew exactly who he was, but I still loved him  Demetrius is Mary-Ann now I mean he′s really Mary-Ann, even took things further Changed his gender, before Bruce Jenner was certain Living his truth, even if it meant see a surgeon We didn't talk for a while, he seemed more distant Wasn't comfortable around me, everything was offensive But I recall we both had a sick sense of humor Made raw, but time changes all  Demetrius is Mary-Ann now Remember church, Easter Sunday? I sat in the pew, you had stronger faith More spiritual and enthused with living life straight Which I found ironic ′cause the pastor didn′t see him the same He said my cousin was going through some things He promised the world we living in was an act on abomination and Demetrius was to blame I knew you was conflicted by the feelings of preacherman Wondering if God still call you a decent man Still, you found the courage to be subservient just to anoint Until he singled you out to prove his point, saying  "Demetrius is Mary-Ann now Church, his auntie is a man now", it hurt You the most 'cause your belief was close to his words Forcing me to stand now I said, "Mr. Preacher man, should we love thy neighbor? The laws of the land or the heart, what′s greater? I recognize the study she was taught since birth But that don't justify the feelings that my cousin preserved"  The building was thinking out loud, bad angel That′s when you looked at me and smiled, said, "Thank you" The day I chose humanity over religion The family got closer, it was all forgiven I said them F-bombs, I ain't know any better Mistakenly, I didn′t think that you'd know any different See, I was taught words was nothing more than a sound If everything was pronounced without any intentions  The very second you challenged the shit I was kicking Reminded me about a show I did out the city That time I brung a fan on stage to rap But disapproved the word that she couldn't say with me You said, "Kendrick, ain′t no room for contradiction To truly understand love, switch position" "Faggot, faggot, faggot," we can say it together But only if you let a white girl say, "Nigga"             Travis Scott - goosebumps Lyrics | Musixmatch                  <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWQN4HC"         height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">       </iframe>        Type song title, artist or lyricsMusixmatchPROTop lyricsCommunityAcademyPodcastsSign inLyricsgoosebumpsTravis ScottWritten by:MoreLast update on: August 22, 2023No translations available+Add Translation                       Play "goosebumps"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       Lyrics for goosebumps by Travis ScottYeah 7:30 in the night, yeah Ooh, ooh I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine Worried ′bout those comments I'm way too numb, yeah, it′s way too dumb, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich Throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, yeah When you're not around (Straight up) When you throw that to the side, yeah (It's lit) I get those goosebumps every time, yeah  7-1-3 Through the 2-8-1, yeah, I′m ridin′, why they on me? Why they on me? I'm flyin′, sippin' low-key I be sippin′ low-key in Onyx, rider, rider When I'm pullin′ up right beside ya Pop star, lil' Mariah When I text a cute game, wildness Throw a stack on the Bible Never Snapchat or took molly She fall through plenty, her and all her ginnies, yeah We at the top floor, right there off Doheny, yeah Oh no, I can't fuck with y′all, yeah When I′m with my squad I cannot do no wrong, yeah Saucin' in the city, don′t get misinformed, yeah They gon' pull up on you (Brr, brr, brr) Yeah, we gon′ do some things, some things you can't relate Yeah, ′cause we from a place, a place you cannot stay Oh, you can't go, oh, I don't know Oh, back the fuck up off me (Brr, brr, brr)  I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine Worried ′bout those comments I′m way too numb, yeah, it's way too dumb, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich Throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, yeah When you′re not around When you throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time  Uh, I wanna press my like, yeah, I wanna press my I want a green light, I wanna be like I wanna press my line, yeah I wanna to take that ride, yeah I'm gonna press my line I want a green light, I wanna be like, I wanna press my Mama, dear, spare your feelings I′m relivin' moments, peelin′ more residual I can buy the building, burn the building, take your bitch Rebuild the building just to fuck some more I can justify my love for you And touch the sky for God to stop debatin' war Put the pussy on a pedestal (Ayy) Put the pussy on a high horse That pussy to die for That pussy to die for Peter Piper picked a pepper So I could pick your brain and put your heart together We depart the shady parts and party hard, the diamonds yours The coupe forever My best shot, just might shoot forever like (Brr)  I get those goosebumps every time, yeah, you come around, yeah You ease my mind, you make everything feel fine Worried 'bout those comments I′m way too numb, yeah, it′s way too dumb, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, I need the Heimlich Throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every time, yeah When you're not around When you throw that to the side, yeah I get those goosebumps every timeReport a problemWriter(s): Kevin Gomringer, Daveon Jackson, Tim Gomringer, Kendrick Duckworth, Jacques Webster, Brock Korsan, Ronald Latour                        Play "goosebumps"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       No translations available+Add Translation468 favoritesEmbedShareLast activitiesLast edit byroundedAugust 22, 2023Synced byroundedAugust 10, 2023Translated byTranslation Assistant August 2, 2023Correct lyricsListen to Podcasts talking about Travis Scott.Discover PodcastsBirds In The Trap Sing McKnight Sep 16th 201601the ends 02the ends 03way back 04way back 05coordinate 06coordinate See morePowered by AI Curated by peopleStart your discoveryEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어CompanyAbout usPeoplePressContactBlogPodcast TranscriptionsProductsFor Music CreatorsFor PublishersFor PartnersFor DevelopersFor the CommunityPodcast TranscriptionsCommunityOverviewGuidelinesBecome a CuratorHelp CenterAsk the CommunityCommunity BlogEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어MusixmatchPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyEULACopyright🇮🇹 Made with love & passion in Italy.  🌎 Enjoyed everywhereAll artists:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#        C is for Cookie 🍪By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Manage cookies Accept AllPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.             More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonPerformance Cookies  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My Choices(I choose me)  The pressure′s taking over me, it's beginning to loomBetter if I spare your feelings and tell you the truth Lately, I redirected my point of view You won′t grow waitin' on me  I can't live in the matrix, huh Rather fall short of your graces, huh This time I won′t trade places, huh Not about who′s right, who's wrong, huh Evolve, the only thing known, huh Ask me when I′m coming home, huh Blink twice again, I'm gone  I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry  She woke up in the morning for the daily news I was so low and mourning through the family feuds Baby, I told you a story and laid down all the rules Still, you won′t grow waiting on me  I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry  'Cause all of it's toxic Girl, I′m not relevant to givin′ on profit Personal gain off my pain, it's nonsense Darlin′, my demons is off the leash for a moshpit Baby, I just had a baby, you know she need me Workin' on myself, the counselin′ is not easy  Don't you point a finger, just to point a finger ′Cause critical thinkin' is a deal-breaker Faith in one man is a ship sinking Do yourself a favor and get a mirror that mirror grievance Then point it at me so the reflection can mirror freedom  She told me she need me the most, I didn't believe her She even called me names on the post, the world can see it Jokes and gaslightin′, mad at me ′cause she didn't get my vote, she say I′m trifflin' Disregardin′ the way that I cope with my own vices Maybe, it's time to break it off Runaway from the culture to follow my heart  I realized, true love′s not savin' face But unconditional, when will you let me go? I trust you'll find independence If not, then all is forgiven Sorry I didn′t save the world, my friend I was too busy buildin′ mine again  I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry  I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I'm sorry I choose me, I′m sorry I choose me, I′m sorryKodak Black, Oklama Eckhart Tolle And this here is the big stepper I′m a killer, he's a killer, she′s a killer We some killers, walkin' zombies, tryna scratch that itch Germophobic, hetero and  I am not for the faint of heart My genetic build can build multi-universes, the man of God Playin' "Baby Shark" with my daughter Watchin′ for sharks outside at the same time Life as a protective father, I′d kill for her My son Enoch is the part two When I expire, my children'll make higher valleys In this present moment, I saw that through  Ask Whitney about my lust addiction Text messaging bitches got my thumbs hurt Set precedent for a new sacrilegion Writer′s block for two years, nothin' moved me Asked God to speak through me, that′s what you hearin' now The voice of yours truly Teleport out my own body for comfort  I don′t pass judgment, past life regressions keep me in question Where did I come from? I don't think like I used to No, I don't blink like I used to Awkward stares at everybody, see the flesh of man But still, this man compared to nobody Yesterday, I prayed to the flowers and trees Gratification to the powers that be Synchronization with my energy chakras, the ghost of Dr. Sebi Paid it forward, cleaned out my toxins, bacteria heavy Sciatica nerve pinch, I don′t know how to feel Like the first time I fucked a white bitch  The first time I fucked a white bitch I was sixteen at the Palisades Fumbling my grades, I traveled with the team The apache life, Centennial was like When Mrs. Baker screamed at Doughboy Mixed that with Purple Rain They interchanged the scenes Happy just to be out the hood With all the wealthy kids  Credit cards and family plans She drove her daddy′s Benz I found out that he was a sheriff That was a win-win Because he had locked up Uncle Perry She paid her daddy's sins  Next time I fucked a white bitch Was out in Copenhagen Good kid, m.A.A.d city tour I flourished on them stages Whitney asked did I have a problem I said, "I might be racist" Ancestors watchin′ me fuck was like retaliation  I'm a killer, he′s a killer, she's a killer We some killers, walkin′ zombies, tryna scratch that itch Germophobic, hetero and homophobic Photoshopping lies and motives Hide your eyes, then pose for the pic  What the-  Eight billion people on Earth, silent murderers Non-profits, preachers and church, crooks and burglars (woo) Hollywood corporate in school, teachin' philosophies You either gon' be dead or in jail, killer psychology  Silent murderer, what′s your body count? Who your sponsorship? Objectified so many bitches, I killed their confidence (what the) The media′s the new religion, you killed the consciousness (what the) Your jealousy is way too pretentious, you killed accomplishments (what the) Niggas killed freedom of speech, everyone sensitive (what the) If your opinion fuck 'round and leak, might as well send your will (what the) The industry has killed the creators, I′ll be the first to say (what the) To each exec', "I′m saving your children", we can't negotiate (what the)  I caught a couple of bodies myself, slid my community My last Christmas toy drive in Compton handed out eulogies Not because the rags in the park had red gradient But because the high blood pressure flooded the caterin′ So what's the difference 'tween your life when hiding motives? More fatalities and reality bring you closure The noble person that goes to work and pray like they ′posed to? Slaughter people too, your murder′s just a bit slower  I'm a killer, he′s a killer, she's a killer (what the) We some killers, walkin′ zombies, tryna scratch that itch (what the) Germophobic, hetero and homophobic Photoshopping lies and motives Hide your eyes, then pose for the picYou really need some therapy Real nigga need no therapy, fuck you talking about? Nah, nah, you sound stupid as fuckShit, everybody stupid Yeah, well, you need to talk to someone Reach out to Eckhart  I come from a generation of home invasions And I got daddy issues, that′s on me Everything them four walls had taught me, made habits bury deep That man knew a lot, but not enough to keep me past them streets My life is a plot, twisted from directions that I can't see  Daddy issues ball across my head, told me, "Fuck a foul" I′m teary-eyed, wanna throw my hands, I won't think out loud A foolish pride, if I lose again, won't go in the house I stayed outside, laughing with my friends, they don′t know my life  Daddy issues made me learn losses, I don′t take those well Momma said, "That boy is exhausted", he said, "Go fuck yourself If he give up now, that's gon′ cost him, life's a bitch You could be a bitch or step out the margin", I got up quick  I′m chargin' baskets and falling backwards, tryna keep balance Oh, this the part where mental stability meets talent Oh, this the part, he breaks my humility just for practice Tactics we learned together, sore losers forever, daddy issues  Early morning wake-ups, practicing on day offs Tough love, bottled up, no chaser Neat no chaser, neat no chaser Neat no chaser, neat no chaser  Early morning wake-ups, practicing on day offs Tough love, bottled up, no chaser Neat no chaser, neat no chaser Neat no chaser, neat no chaser  I got daddy issues, that′s on me Looking for, "I love you," rarely empathizing for my relief A child that grew accustomed, jumping up when I scraped my knee 'Cause if I cried about it, he'd surely tell me to not be weak  Daddy issues, hear my emotions, never express myself Men should never show feelings, being sensitive never helped His mama died, I asked him why he goin′ back to work so soon His first reply was, "Son, that′s life, the bills got no silver spoon"  Daddy issues, fuck everybody, go get your money, son Protect yourself, trust nobody, only your momma'nem This made relationships seem cloudy, never attached to none So if you took some likings around me, I might reject the love  Daddy issues kept me competitive, that′s a fact, nigga I don't give a fuck what′s the narrative, I am that nigga When Kanye got back with Drake, I was slightly confused Guess I'm not mature as I think, got some healing to do  Egotistic, zero-given fucks and to be specific Need assistance with the way I was brought up What′s the difference when your heart is made of stone And your mind is made of gold and your tongue is made of sword But it may weaken your soul?  My niggas ain't got no daddy, grow up overcompensating Learn shit 'bout being a man and disguise it as being gangsta I love my father for telling me to take off the gloves ′Cause everything he didn′t want was everything I was  And to my partners that figured it out without a father I salute you, may your blessings be neutral to your toddlers It's crucial, they can′t stop us if we see the mistakes 'Til then, let′s give the women a break, grown men with daddy issues  Early morning wake-ups, practicing on day offs Tough love, bottled up, no chaser Neat no chaser, neat no chaser Neat no chaser, neat no chaserIt was one of the worst performances I′ve seen in my life I couldn't sleep last night because I felt this shit- Ooh, ah, ooh, ahOoh, ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yew  Enoch, your father′s just detoxed, my calling is right on time Transformation, I must had a thousand lives And like three thousand wives You should know that I'm slightly off Fighting off demons that been outside Better known as myself, I'm a demigod Every thought is creative, sometimes I′m afraid of my open mind  Shit on my mind, and it′s heavy Tear you in pieces 'cause it′s way too heavy My diamonds, the choker is heavy More life to give on demand, are you ready? Who keep 'em honest like us? Who in alignment like us? Who gotta heal ′em all? Us (us) When there's no one to call  Don′t need no conversation It ain't about the business, shut the door now Bitch, it's a celebration And if this shit ain′t bussin′, what's it for now?  Steppin′ out when the weight lifts (ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Floatin' on ′em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Floatin' on ′em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Floatin' on 'em (float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Steppin′ out when the weight lifts (ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Floatin′ on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Floatin′ on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da) Floatin′ on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)  Uzi, your father′s in deep meditation My spirit's awake and my brain is asleep I got a new temperature Sharpenin' multiple swords in the faith I believe I think about Robert Kelly If he weren′t molested, I wonder if life′ll fail him I wonder if Oprah found closure The way that she postered the hurt that a woman carries  My mother abused young Like all of them others back where we from SSI bury family members At the repass, they servin' Popeyes chicken What you know about black trauma? Half in this, kickin′ back is another genre Tyler Perry, the face of a thousand rappers Using violence to cover what really happen  I know somebody's listenin′ Past life regressions to know my conditions It's based off experience Comma for comma, my habits insensitive Watchin′ my cousin struggle with addiction Then watchin' her firstborn make a million And both of them off the grid for forgiveness I'm sacrificin′ myself to start the healin′  Shit on my mind and it's heavy Tear you in pieces ′cause it's way too heavy My diamonds, the choker is heavy More life to give on demand, are you ready Who keep ′em honest like us? Who in alignment like us? Who gotta heal 'em all? Us (us) When there′s no one to call us (us)  Say, hydrate, it's time to heal Safe, you're frustrated, I can feel Huddle up, tie the flag, call the troops, holler back Huddle up, tie the flag, call the troops, holler back (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)  People get taken over by this pain-body Because this energy field that almost has a life of its own It needs to periodically feed on more unhappiness             Kendrick Lamar - u Lyrics | Musixmatch                  <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWQN4HC"         height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">       </iframe>        Type song title, artist or lyricsMusixmatchPROTop lyricsCommunityAcademyPodcastsSign inLyricsuKendrick LamarWritten by:Last update on: September 25, 2022No translations available+Add Translation                       Play "u"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       Lyrics for u by Kendrick LamarLoving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicatedLoving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated  I place blame when you steal Place shame when you steal Feel like you ain′t shit Feel like you don't feel, confidence in yourself Breakin′ on marble floors Watchin' anonymous strangers tellin' me that I′m yours But you ain′t shit I'm convinced your talent′s nothin' special What can I blame him for Nigga I can name several Situation had stopped with your little sister bakin′ A baby inside, just a teenager where's your patience Whats your intentions where is the influence you speak of You preached in front of 100, 000 but never reached her I fuckin′ tell you, you fuckin' failure you ain't no leader I never liked you, forever despise you I don′t need you The world don′t need you, don't let them deceive you Numbers lie too, fuck your pride too, thats for dedication Thought money would change you, made you more complacent I fuckin′ hate you, I hope you embrace it  Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated Loving you is complicated  Lovin' you, lovin′ you, not lovin' you, one hundred proof I can feel you vibin′, recognize that your ashamed of me Yes I hate you too  House keeping *Knocks* House keeping ¡Abre la puerta! ¡Abre la puerta tengo que limpiar el cuarto! ¡Es que no hay mucho tiempo tengo que limpiar el cuarto¡! Disculpe!  Are you the reason why mama and them leavin' No you ain't shit, you say you love them, I know you don′t mean it I know you′re irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it Your trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt it Everyone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin′ out You was deserted, where was your antennas again? Where was your presence, where was your support that you pretend? You ain't no brother, you ain′t no disciple, you ain't no friend A friend never leave Compton for profit or leave his best friend Little brother, you promised you′d watch him before they shot him Where was your antennas, on the road, bottles and bitches You faced time the one time, that's unforgiven You even faced time instead of a hospital visit You should thought he would recover, well The surgery couldn't stop the bleeding for real Then he died, God himself will say "you fuckin′ failed" You ain′t try  I know your secrets nigga Mood swings is frequent nigga I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons nigga I know you and a couple block boys ain′t been speakin' nigga Y′all damn near beefin', I seen it and your the reason nigga And if this bottle could talk *gulp* I cry myself to sleep Bitch everything is your fault Faults breakin′ to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed I know your secrets Don't let me tell them to the world about that shit you thinkin' And that time you *gulp* I′m bout to hurl I′m fucked up, but I'm not as fucked up as you You just can′t get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof Shoulda killed yo ass a long time ago You shoulda filled that black revolver blast a long time ago And if those mirrors could talk it would say "you gotta go" And if I told your secrets The world'll know money can′t stop a suicidal weaknessReport a problemWriter(s): Kendrick Lamar, Taz Arnold                        Play "u"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       No translations available+Add Translation986 favoritesEmbedShareLast activitiesLast edit bySusan SabatiniSeptember 25, 2022Synced byRamorwa MaengeApril 3, 2023Translated byNO ONE SPECIALMay 17, 2023Correct lyricsListen to Podcasts talking about Kendrick Lamar.Discover PodcastsTo Pimp a Butterfly Mar 15th 201501Wesley's Theory (feat. George Clinton & Thundercat) 02For Free? (Interlude) 03For Free? - Interlude 04King Kunta 05Institutionalized (feat. Bilal, Anna Wise & Snoop Dogg) 06These Walls (feat. Bilal, Anna Wise & Thundercat) See morePowered by AI Curated by peopleStart your discoveryEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어CompanyAbout usPeoplePressContactBlogPodcast TranscriptionsProductsFor Music CreatorsFor PublishersFor PartnersFor DevelopersFor the CommunityPodcast TranscriptionsCommunityOverviewGuidelinesBecome a CuratorHelp CenterAsk the CommunityCommunity BlogEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어MusixmatchPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyEULACopyright🇮🇹 Made with love & passion in Italy.  🌎 Enjoyed everywhereAll artists:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#        C is for Cookie 🍪By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Manage cookies Accept AllPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.             More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonPerformance Cookies  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My ChoicesKendrick made you think about it, but he is not your savior Cole made you feel empower, but he is not your savior Future said, "Get a money counter," but he is not your savior′Bron made you give his flowers, but he is not your savior He is not your savior  Mr. Morale, give me high-five, two times Center co-defendant judging my life Back peddler, what they say? You do the cha-cha I'ma stand on it, 6′5", from 5'5" Fun fact, I ain't taking shit back Like it when they pro-black, but I′m more Kodak Black Tell me where the money at, ayy, where the homies at? Universal callout, I can members only that, ayy  Si-si, wait a minute Ven aquí (ven aquí), c′est la vie (c'est la vie) I tell the whole truth from A to Z, ayy Show me you real, show me that you bleed, ayy Hello? Crackers? (Let me hear that back) I seen niggas arguing about who′s blacker Even blacked out screens and called it solidarity Meditating in silence, made you wanna tell on me  Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah I'm out the way, are you happy for me? Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah I′m out the way, are you happy for me? (High up)  Bite they tongues in rap lyrics Scared to be crucified about a song but they won't admit it Politically correct is how you keep an opinion Niggas is tight lipped, fuck who dare to be different Seen a Christian say the vaccine mark of the beast Then he caught COVID and prayed the Pfizer for relief Then I caught COVID and started to question Kyrie Will I stay organic or hurt in this bed for two weeks? (You really wanna know?)  Do you want peace? (How I get so low?) Then watch us in the streets (only one way to go) One protest for you (high up) 365 for me (you really wanna know?) Vladimir making nightmares (how I get so low?) But that′s how we all think (only one way to go) The collective conscious (high up) Calamities on repeat, huh  Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah I'm out the way, are you happy for me? Bitch, are you happy for me? Really, are you happy for me? Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah I'm out the way, are you happy for me?  Truth, it resides in the fire The need of it′s dire Deceiving the lies, I know Truth, it resides in the fire The need of it′s dire Deceiving the lies, I know  The cat is out the bag, I am not your savior I find it just as difficult to love thy neighbors Especially when people got ambiguous favors But they hearts not in it, see, everything's for the paper The struggle for the right side of history Independent thought is like an eternal enemy Capitalist posing as compassionates be offending me Yeah, suck my dick, with authenticity  Yeah, Tupac dead, gotta think for yourself Yeah, hero′s looking for the villains to help I never been sophisticated, same face Being manipulative such a required taste I rubbed elbows with people that was for the people They all greedy, I don't care for no public speaking And they like to wonder where I′ve been Protecting my soul in the valley of silenceMmm, tippy-toein′ and I'm up walkin′, hmm Rollin' sevens, I ain't ready for no coffin I know y′all love it when the drugs talkin′, butShut the fuck up when you hear love talkin' Shut the fuck up when you hear love talkin′ If God be the source, then I am the plug talkin'  Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah, baby  This my undisputed truth, uh-huh My life is like forbidden fruit My bitch know better than I do A woman′s worth, I barely went to church I'd rather fast with you than fuck it up Fucking with skirts ′cause I'm rational  A nigga still gon' be a nigga, emoji heart my family pictures Two-steppin′ away from rappers, I don′t trust their true intentions I'm not in the music business, I been in the human business Whole life been social distant Hoes like, "When you not trippin′?"  I duck the party, who said they saw me? Crown on Bob Marley, wrist on Yo Gotti They gon' judge your life for a couple likes on the double tap Them hoes is sorry, they all get bodied  I bless it that you have an open heart, I bless that you forgive I bless it that you can learn from a loss, I bless it that you heal I bless one day that you attract somebody with your mind exact A patient life, flaws, bless ′em twice and they'll bless you back  Tippy-toein′ and I'm up walkin', mmh Rollin′ sevens, I ain′t not ready for no coffin I know y'all love it when the drugs talking, but Shut the fuck up when you hear love talking Shut the fuck up when you hear love talking If God be the source, then I am the plug talking  Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah  How′s love when it's heart to your soul? But my nigga left his ass on the road Gossipin′ 'bout some shit you don′t know Oh, you hoe (yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure)  I hate it here, baby daddy still on my phone I hate it here, asking if I been on the pole I hate it here, if you keep lurking on the low If you a fan, just let me know (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)  Now if it's love, I deserve to get some head on a balcony sometimes, sometimes And if I feel where your heart can be, you still gon' be a part of me, I love mine, love mine (Love mine, love mine) Summer in the storm, I cannot conform (I cannot conform, I cannot conform) I just might love you still, just think I love me more  It ain′t love if you gon′ judge me for my past No, it ain't love if you ain′t never eat my ass It ain't love if you just only tie me down because you seen me in my bag That′s why I'm anti everyone before this mask  Mmh, tippy-toein′ and I'm up walkin', mmh Rollin′ sevens, I ain′t not ready for no coffin I know y'all love it when the drugs talking, but Shut the fuck up when you hear love talking Shut the fuck up when you hear love talking If the God be the source, then I am the plug talking  Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah  Yo, yo, Telekinesis, I′m purifyin' these D speeches While I′m cryin', I clean the feet of the sweet Jesus Dreams, visions get blurry of the Elohim is light It′s known to tear retinas in a single gleam Shut the fuck up when you hear His love talking To the mind, it's God Cypher Divine in a small portion, uh Faded pictures, this global madness, the intervention This world's in the Twilight Zone, this is the fifth dimension  God, please blow the whistle, we need an intermission My good deeds in front of your door, I′m standin′ by the entrance With heavy baggage, my brother's ashes I seen tragic, I did dirt, smacked death and held it to that nigga cabbage Love, we killin′ greed, we killin' homelessness And I don′t give a fuck about this land, I want ownership Bow your head just for God's sake Listen what the stars say when I say it′s God's way  Tippy-toein' and I′m up walkin′, mmh Rollin' sevens, I ain′t not ready for no coffin I know y'all love it when the drugs talking, but Shut the fuck up when you hear love talking Shut the fuck up when you hear love talking If God be the source, then I am the plug talking  Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah, baby Yeah, babyNew Kung Fu Kenny Ain′t nobody prayin' for me Y′all know, what happens on Earth stays on EarthHere we go! I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck I don′t give a, I don′t give a, I don't give a fuck  I′m willin' to die for this shit I done cried for this shit, might take a life for this shit Put the Bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit D.O.T. my enemy, won′t catch a vibe for this shit, ayy I been stomped out in front of my momma My daddy commissary made it to commas Bitch, all my grandmas dead So ain't nobody prayin′ for me, I'm on your head, ayy Thirty millions later, know the feds watchin' Auntie on my Telegram like, "Be cautious!" I be hangin′ out at Tam′s, I be on Stockton I don't do it for the ′Gram, I do it for Compton I'm willin′ to die for this shit, nigga I'll take your fuckin′ life for this shit, nigga We ain't goin' back to broke, family sellin′ dope That′s why you maney-ass rap niggas better know  If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I′ma make it look sexy I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy They won't take me out my element Nah, take me out my element  I′m allergic to a bitch nigga, ayy An imaginary rich nigga, ayy Seven figures ho, that's slimmer than my bitch figure, ayy Goin′ digital and physical on all y'all, ayy Bunch of criminals and money in my phone calls, ayy We okay, we let the A1 fly Relocate, jump on the same G5 Checkin' for me heavy ′cause I go yeah, I go yeah They never been ready, yeah, I know yeah, know yeah 100K spread across the floor, ′cross the floor, yeah None of y'all fuckin′ with the flow yeah, the flow yeah Years in the makin', and don′t y'all mistake it I got ′em by a landslide, we talkin' about races You know this'll never be a tie, just look at their laces You know careers take off, just gotta be patient Mr. One through Five, that′s the only logic Fake my death, go to Cuba, that′s the only option  If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I′ma make it look sexy I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy They won't take me out my element Nah, take me out my element  Damned if I do, if I don′t (yuh) Goddamn us all if you won't (yuh) Damn, damn, damn, it′s a goddamn shame You ain't front line, get out the goddamn way  Niggas thought they wasn't gonna see me, huh? Niggas thought that K-Dot real life Was the same life they see on TV, huh? Niggas wanna flex on me and be in L.A. for free, huh? Next time they hit the 10 freeway, we need a receipt, huh? ′Cause most of y′all ain't real Most of y′all gon' squeal Most of y′all just envy, but jealousy get you killed Most of y'all throw rocks and try to hide your hand Just say his name and I promise that you′ll see Candyman Because it's all in your eyes, most of y'all tell lies Most of y′all don′t fade, most of y'all been advised Last LP I tried to lift the black artists But it′s a difference between black artists and wack artists  If I gotta slap a pussy-ass nigga, I'ma make it look sexy It′s the one and only, the world's greatest, the Kid Capri If I gotta go hard on a bitch, I′ma make it look sexy I pull up, hop out, air out, made it look sexy They won't take me out my element Nah, take me out my elementLove′s gonna get you killed But pride's gonna be the death of you, and you and me And you, and you, and you and meAnd you, and you, and you and me And you, and you, and you and me, and-  Me, I wasn′t taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care  Hell-raising, wheel-chasing, new worldy possessions Flesh-making, spirit-breaking, which one would you lessen? The better part, the human heart You love 'em or dissect ′em Happiness or flashiness? How do you serve the question? See, in the perfect world, I would be perfect, world I don′t trust people enough beyond they surface, world I don't love people enough to put my faith in man I put my faith in these lyrics hoping I make a band  I understand I ain′t perfect I probably won't come around This time, I might put you down Last time, I ain′t give a fuck, I still feel the same now My feelings might go numb, you're dealing with cold thumb I′m willing to give up a leg and arm and show empathy from Pity parties and functions and you and yours A perfect world, you probably live another 24 I can't fake humble just 'cause your ass is insecure I can′t fake humble just ′cause your ass is insecure  Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn′t taught to share, but care I care, I care  Maybe I wasn't there Maybe I wasn′t there Maybe I wasn't there Maybe I wasn′t there  Now, in a perfect world, I probably won't be insensitive Cold as December, but never remember what winter did I wouldn't blame you for mistakes I made or the bed I laid Seems like I point the finger just to make a point, nowadays Smiles and cold stares, the temperature goes there Indigenous disposition, feel like we belong here I know the walls, they can listen, I wish they could talk back The hurt becomes repetition, the love almost lost that  Sick venom in men and women overcome with pride A perfect world is never perfect, only filled with lies Promises are broken and more resentment come alive Race barriers make inferior of you and I See, in a perfect world, I′ll choose faith over riches I′ll choose work over bitches, I'll make schools out of prison I′ll take all the religions and put 'em all in one service Just to tell ′em we ain't shit, but He′s been perfect, world  Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care In another life, I surely was there Me, I wasn't taught to share, but care I care, I care  Maybe I wasn′t there Maybe I wasn′t there Maybe I wasn't there Maybe I wasn′t thereI pop the pain away, I slide the pain away I pop the pain away, I slide the pain away I picked you up when you fell and cut your kneeI told you not to cry and held you close to me  I hope I′m not too late to set my demons straight I know I made you wait, but how much can you take? I hope you see the God in me, I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me, yeah  Shimmy, shimmy, coco puff Serafina, flame in us Where I′d be without your love? Rest your wings and trust, I feel you Deep (I know you feel), deep (know you feel) Deep (I know you feel), deep (too deep) Deep (I know you feel), deep (know you feel) Deep (I know you feel), deep  Do you love me? (Okay) do you trust me? (Okay) Can I trust you? (Okay) don't judge me (okay) I'ma die hard, it gets ugly (okay) Too passionate, it gets ugly (okay) (Mmh, mmh, ah-ah) I wonder where I lost my way (Mmh, mmh, ah-ah) been waiting on your call all day  Tell me you in my corner right now When I fall short, I′m leaning on you to cry out We all got enough to lie about My truth too complicated to hide now Can I open up? Is it safe or not? I′m afraid a little, you relate or not? Have faith a little, I might take my time Ain't no saving face this time  I hope I′m not too late to set my demons straight I know I made you wait, but how much can you take? I hope you see the god in me, I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me, yeah  Shimmy, shimmy, coco puff Serafina, flame in us Where I′d be without your love? Rest your wing and trust, I feel you Deep (I know you feel), deep (know you feel) Deep (I know you feel), deep (too deep) Deep (I know you feel), deep (know you feel) Deep (I know you feel), deep  I got some regrets (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) But my past won't keep me from my best (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Subtle mistakes felt like life or death (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) I wanna see the family stronger, I wanna see the money longer You know that I′d die for you I get emotional about life The lost ones keeping me up at night The world be reminding me its danger I still risk it all for a stranger If I told you who I am, would you use it against me? Right or wrong, no stone, just love to send me  I hope I'm not too late to set my demons straight I know I made you wait, but how much can you take? I hope you see the god in me, I hope you can see And if it's up, stay down for me, yeah  Baby, you make me, pray for London Yeah, ′cause if I want it all without you involved (fucking love you) I guess it′s all for nothingI don′t think I can find a way to make it on this earth  What's up family, yeah it′s yo cousin Carl man,Just given' you a call man. I know you been havin' a lot on yo mind lately And I know you feel like ya know people ain′t been prayin′ for you But you have to understand this man, that we are just people. Deuteronomy 28:28 says, "The Lord shall smite thee with madness, And blindness, and astonishment of heart." See family that's why you feel like you feel like you got a chip on your shoulder. Until you finally get the memo, you will always feel that way...  Why God, why God do I gotta suffer? Pain in my heart carry burdens full of struggle Why God, why God do I gotta bleed? Every stone thrown at you restin′ at my feet Why God, why God do I gotta suffer? Earth is no more, why don't you burn this mufucka?  I don′t think I can find a way to make it on this earth  [Reversed Intro]  I beat yo' ass, keep talkin′ back I beat yo' ass, who bought you that? You stole it, I beat yo' ass if you say that game is broken I beat yo′ ass if you jump on my couch I beat yo′ ass if you walk in this house with tears in your eyes Runnin' from poopoo and ′prentice Go back outside, I beat yo' ass, lil nigga That homework better be finished, I beat yo′ ass Yo' teachers better not be bitching ′bout you in class That pizza better not be wasted, you eat it all That TV better not be loud if you got it on Them Jordans better not get dirty when I just bought 'em Better not hear 'bout you humpin′ on Keisha′s daughter Better not hear you got caught up, I beat yo' ass You better not run to your father, I beat yo′ ass You know my patience runnin' thin I got beaucoup payments to make County building′s on my ass Tryna take my food stamps away I beat yo' ass if you tell them social workers he live here I beat yo′ ass if I beat yo' ass twice and you still here Seven years old, think you run this house by yourself? Nigga, you gon' fear me if you don′t fear no one else  If I can smoke fear away, I roll that motherfucker up And then I take two puffs I′m high now, I'm high now I′m high now, I'm high now Life′s a bitch, pull them panties to the side now  Think I can prolly find a way to make it on this earth  I'll prolly die anonymous I′ll prolly die with promises I'll prolly die walkin' back home from the candy house I′ll prolly die ′cause these colors are standin' out I′ll prolly die because I ain't know Demarcus was snitchin′ I'll prolly die at these house parties, fuckin′ with bitches I'll prolly die from witnesses leavin' me false accused I′ll prolly die from thinkin′ that me and your hood was cool Or maybe die from pressin' the line, actin′ too extra Or maybe die because these smokers Are more than desperate I'll prolly die from one of these bats and blue badges Body slammed on black and white paint, my bones snappin′ Or maybe die from panic or die from bein' too lax Or die from waitin′ on it, die 'cause I'm movin′ too fast I′ll prolly die tryna buy weed at the apartments I'll prolly die tryna diffuse two homies arguin′ I'll prolly die ′cause that's what you do when you′re 17 All worries in a hurry, I wish I controlled things  If I could smoke fear away, I'd roll that mothafucka up And then I'd take two puffs I′ve been hungry all my life I′m high now, I'm high now I′m high now, I'm high now Life′s a bitch, pull them panties to the side now, now  When I was 27, I grew accustomed to more fear Accumulated 10 times over throughout the years My newfound life made all of me magnified How many accolades do I need to block denial? The shock value of my success put bolts in me All this money, is God playin' a joke on me? Is it for the moment and will he see me as Job? Take it from me and leave me worse than I was before? At 27, my biggest fear was losin′ it all Scared to spend money, had me sleepin' from hall to hall Scared to go back to Section 8 with my mama stressin' 30 shows a month and I still won′t buy me no Lexus What is an advisor somebody that′s holdin' my checks? Just to fuck me over and put my finances in debt? I read a case about Rihanna′s accountant and wondered How did the bad girl feel when she looked at them numbers? The type of shit'll make me flip out And just kill somethin′, drill somethin' Get ill and fill ratchets with a lil′ somethin' I practiced runnin' from fear, guess I had some good luck At 27 years old, my biggest fear was bein′ judged How they look at me reflect on myself, my family, my city What they say ′bout me reveal If my reputation would miss me What they see from me Would trickle down generations in time What they hear from me Would make 'em highlight my simplest lines  I′m talkin' fear, fear of losin′ creativity I'm talkin′ fear, fear of missin' out on you and me I'm talkin′ fear, fear of losin′ loyalty from pride 'Cause my DNA won′t let me involve in the light of God I'm talkin′ fear, fear that my humbleness is gone I'm talkin′ fear, fear that love ain't livin' here no more I′m talkin′ fear, fear that it's wickedness or weakness Fear, whatever it is, both is distinctive Fear, what happens on Earth stays on Earth And I can′t take these feelings With me so hopefully they disperse Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax Searchin' for resolutions until somebody get back Fear, what happens on earth stays on earth And I can′t take these feelings with me So hopefully they disperse Within fourteen tracks, carried out over wax Wonderin' if I′m livin' through fear or livin' through rap  Damn Goddamn you Goddamn me Goddamn us Goddamn we Goddamn us all  Verse two says you only have I known of all the families of the earth, therefore I will punish you for all your iniquities. So until we come back to these commandments, Until you come back to these commandments, We′re gonna be in this place, we′re gonna be under this curse. Because he said he's gonna punish us, the so-called Blacks, Hispanics, and Native American Indians, are the true children of Israel. We are the Israelites according to the Bible. The children of Israel, he′s gonna punish us for our inequities. For our disobedience because we chose to follow other gods that aren't his son, so the Lord thy God chasten you. So just like your children, your own son, he′s gonna chastise you because he loves you. So that's why we get chastised, that′s why we're in the position we're in. Until we come back to these laws, statutes and commandments, And do what the Lord said, these curses are gonna be upon us. We′re gonna be at a lower state in this life that we live here in today, In the United States of America. I love you, son, and I pray for you. God bless you, shalomI need some water Somethin′ came over me Way too hot to simmer downMight as well overheat Too close to comfort As blood rush my favorite vein Heartbeat racin' like a junkie′s I just need you to want me Am I askin' too much? Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that Girl, I respect the cat I promise just a touch Let me put the head in, if it′s okay She said, "It′s okay."  Yeah, I need everybody's motherfuckin′ hands up right now I need everybody's motherfuckin′ Door and his Nike Air Rattles Rush the fire exit, no time for battles Well I, I never expected This that new shit This that new, new shit  Wake up in the mornin', thinkin′ 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy, take a shit, then roll some weed up Go hit you a lick, go fuck on a bitch Don't go to work today, cop you a fit Or maybe some kicks and make you— Door and his Nike Air Rattles Rush the fire exit, no time for battles Well I, I never expected Wake up in the mornin′, thinkin′ 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy— hol′ up! Wake up in the mornin', thinkin′ 'bout money, kick your feet up Watch you a comedy, take a shit, then roll some weed up Go hit you a lick, go fuck on a bitch, don′t go to work today Cop you a fit or maybe some kicks and make it work today Hang with your homies, stunt on your baby mama Sip some lean, go get a pistol, shoot out the window Bet your favorite team, play you some Madden Go to the club or your mama house Whatever you doin', just make it count (I need some water) Wake up in the mornin', thinkin′ ′bout money, kick your feet up Hop in the shower, put on your makeup, lace your weave up Touch on yourself, call up your nigga, tell him he ain't shit Credit card scam, get you a Visa, make it pay your rent Hop on the ′Gram, flex on the bitches that be hatin' on you Pop you a pill, call up your bitches, have ′em waitin' on you Go to the club, have you some fun, make that ass bounce It′s whatever, just make it count  I need some water Somethin' came over me Way too hot to simmer down Might as well overheat Too close to comfort As blood rush my favorite vein Heartbeat racin' like a junkie′s I just need you to want me Am I askin′ too much? Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that Girl, I respect the cat I promise just a touch Let me put the head in, if it′s okay She said, "It's okay."  I wake in the mornin′, my head spinnin' from the last night Both in the trance, feelings are dead—what a fast life! Manager called, the lobby called, it′s 11:30 Did this before, promised myself I'd be a hour early Room full of clothes, bag full of money: call it loose change Fumbled my jewelry, 100k, I lost a new chain Hop on the bird, hit the next city for another M Take me a nap and do it again We all woke up, tryna tune to the daily news Lookin' for confirmation, hopin′ election wasn′t true All of us worried, all of us buried, and our feelings deep None of us married to his proposal, make us feel cheap Still and sad, distraught and mad, tell the neighbor 'bout it Bet they agree, parade the streets with your voice proudly Time passin′, things change Revertin' back to our daily programs, stuck in our ways LUST  Lately, I feel like I been lustin′ over the fame Lately, we lust on the same routine of shame Lately, lately, lately, my lust been heightened (lately) Lately, it's all contradiction Lately, I′m not here Lately, I lust over self Lust turn into fear Lately, in James 4:4 says Friend of the world is enemy of the Lord Brace yourself, lust is all yours  I need some water Somethin' came over me Way too high to simmer down Might as well overheat Too close to comfort As blood rush my favorite vein Heartbeat racin' like a junkie′s I just need you to want me Am I askin′ too much? Let me put the head in Ooh, I don't want more than that Girl, I respect the cat I promise just a touch Let me put the head in, if it′s okay She said, "It's okay."Is this mic on? (Hey, move this way, this way) Hey, Hey! Hey! Turn the mic up, c′mon, c'mon Is the mic on or not? I want the micWe′re bringing up nobody, nobody Nobody but the number one rapper in the world He done traveled all over the world He came back just to give you some game All of the little boys and girls, come up here (Ah, one two, one two, what's happening, fool?) Come right here, this is for you, come on up I done been through a whole lot (Kendrick Lamar!) Trial, tribulation, but I know God The Devil wanna put me in a bow tie (make some noise, brother!) Pray that the holy water don't go dry As I look around me So many motherfuckers wanna down me But enemigo never drown me In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me  And (I love myself) Huh, when you lookin′ at me, tell me what do you see? (I love myself) Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police (I love myself) Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy, don′t seem shy (I love myself) One day at a time, huh  They wanna say it's a war outside, bomb in the street Gun in the hood, mob of police Rock on the corner with a line for the fiend And a bottle full of lean and a model on the scheme, uh These days of frustration keep y′all on tuck and rotation (come to the front, yeah) I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis Dreams of reality's peace (oh, yeah) Blow steam in the face of the beast Sky could fall down, wind could cry now Look at me motherfucker I smile-  And (I love myself) Uh, and when you lookin′ at me, tell me what do you see? (I love myself) Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police (I love myself) Uh, illuminated- All y'all come to the front, y′all come up to the front (I love myself) Baby what about you? Come on  (Crazy, what you gon' do?) Lift up your head and keep moving (keep moving), turn the mic up (Haunt you) Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart On my sleeve, let the runway start You know the miserable do love company What do you want from me and my scars? Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence How many times my potential was anonymous? How many times the city making me promises? So I promise this, nigga  (I love myself) Uh, and when you lookin' at me, tell me what do you see? (I love myself) Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police (I love myself) Huh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy don′t seem shy (I love myself)  Huh (walk my bare feet) huh (walk my bare feet) Huh (down, down valley deep) huh (down, down valley deep) (I love myself) huh (fi-fie-fo-fum) huh (fi-fie-fo-fum) (I love myself) huh (my heart undone) one, two, three  I went to war last night With an automatic weapon, don′t nobody call a medic I'ma do it ′til I get it right (oh no) I went to war last night (night, night, night, night) I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent Duckin′ every other blessin', I can never see the message I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave From a negative and letting them annihilate me And it′s evident I'm moving at a meteor speed Finna run into a building, lay my body-  Not on my, not while I'm up here Not on my time, kill the music, not on my time We could save that shit for the streets We could save that shit, this for the kids, bro 2015, niggas tired of playin′ victim, dog Niggas ain′t trying to play vic- TuTu, how many niggas we done lost? How many- Yan-Yan, how many we lost? No for real, answer the que-, how many niggas we done lost bro? This-, this year alone Exactly, so we- we ain't got time to waste time, my nigga  Niggas gotta make time, bro The judge make time, you know that, the judge make time, right? The judge make time so it ain′t shit It shouldn't be shit for us to come out here and appreciate the little bit of life we got left, dog On the dead homies, Charlie P, you know that, bro You know that It′s- it's mando, right, it′s mando  And I s- I- And I- And I say this because I love you niggas, man I love all my niggas, bro Exac- enough said, enough said And we gon' get back to the show and move on, 'cause that shit petty, my nigga Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check We gon′ do some acapella shit before we get back to- All my niggas listen, listen to this  I promised Dave I′d never use the phrase "Fuck nigga" He said, "Think about what you saying, "Fuck niggas" No better than Samuel on the Django No better than a white man with slave boats" Sound like I needed some soul searching My Pops gave me some game in real person Retraced my steps on what they never taught me Did my homework fast before government caught me  So I'ma dedicate this one verse to Oprah On how the infamous, sensitive N-word control us So many artists gave her an explanation to hold us Well, this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty, king royalty - wait, listen N-E-G-U-S description: black emperor, king, ruler, now let me finish  The history books overlook the word and hide it America tried to make it to a house divided The homies don′t recognize we been using it wrong So I'ma break it down and put my game in a song N-E-G-U-S, say it with me, or say it no more Black stars can come and get me Take it from Oprah Winfrey, tell her she right on time Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest Negus aliveIt was always me versus the world Until I found it′s me versus me Why, why, why, why?Why, why, why, why? Just remember, what happens on Earth stays on Earth! We gon' put it in reverse  Darling, I told you many times And I am telling you once again Just to remind you, sweetheart That my-  Oh, Lamar, Hail Mary and marijuana, times is hard Pray with the hooligans, shadows all in the dark Fellowship with demons and relatives, I′m a star Life is one funny mo'fucker A true comedian, you gotta love him, you gotta trust him I might be buggin', infomercials and no sleep Introverted by my thoughts; children, listen, it gets deep  See, once upon a time inside the Nickerson Garden projects The object was to process and digest poverty′s dialect Adaptation inevitable, gun violence, crack spot Federal policies raid buildings and drug professionals Anthony was the oldest of seven Well-respected, calm and collected Laughin′ and jokin' made life easier, hard times, Momma on crack A four-year-old tellin′ his nanny he needed her  His family history, pimpin' and bangin′ He was meant to be dangerous Clocked him a grip and start slangin' 15, scrapin′ up his jeans with quarter pieces Even got some head from a smoker last weekend Dodged a policeman, workin' for his big homie Small-time hustler, graduated to a brick on him 10,000 dollars out of a project housing, that's on the daily Seen his first mill′ 20 years old, had a couple of babies  Had a couple of shooters Caught a murder case, fingerprints on the gun they assumin′ But witnesses couldn't prove it That was back when he turned his back and they killed his cousin He beat the case and went back to hustlin′ Bird-shufflin', Anthony rang The first in the projects with the two-tone Mustang That 5.0 thing, they say 5-0 came Circlin′ parking lots and parking spots And hoppin' out while harrassin′ the corner blocks  Crooked cops told Anthony he should kick it He brushed 'em off and walked back to the Kentucky Fried Chicken See, at this chicken spot There was a light-skinned nigga that talked a lot With a curly top and a gap in his teeth He worked the window, his name was Ducky He came from the streets, the Robert Taylor Homes Southside Projects, Chiraq, the Terror Dome Drove to California with a woman on him and 500 dollars  They had a son, hopin' that he′d see college Hustlin′ on the side with a nine-to-five to freak it Cadillac Seville, he'd ride his son around on weekends Three-piece special with his name on the shirt pocket ′Cross the street from the projects, Anthony planned to rob it Stuck up the place before, back in '84 That′s when affiliation was really eight gears of war So many relatives tellin' us, sellin′ us devilish works Killin' us, crime, intelligent, felonious Prevalent proposition with 9's  Ducky was well-aware They robbed the manager and shot a customer last year He figured he′d get on these niggas′ good sides Free chicken every time Anthony posted in line Two extra biscuits, Anthony liked him and then let him slide They didn't kill him, in fact, it look like they′re the last to survive Pay attention, that one decision changed both of they lives One curse at a time  Reverse the manifest and good karma, and I'll tell you why You take two strangers and put ′em in random predicaments Give 'em a soul so they can make their own choices and live with it 20 years later, them same strangers, you make ′em meet again Inside recording studios where they reapin' their benefits Then you start remindin' them about that chicken incident Whoever thought the greatest rapper would be from coincidence? Because if Anthony killed Ducky, Top Dawg could be servin′ life While I grew up without a father and die in a gunfight  So, I was takin′ a walk the other dayOh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh Hold, hold onto each otherHold, hold onto each other (This is what the world sounds like) Nah, fuck you, nigga (fuck you, bitch) Oh, wow, okay You got me fucked up Fuck you, fuck you  I swear, I′m tired of these emotional ass, ungrateful ass bitches (shut the fuck up) Unstable ass, confrontational ass dumb bitches You wanna bring a nigga down even when I'm tryna do right We could go our separate ways right now You could move on with your life, I swear to God  Fuck you nigga, you love a pity party, I won′t show up Always act like your shit don't stink, motherfucker, grow up Forever late for shit, won't buy shit, sit around and deny shit (man) Fuck around on a side bitch, then come fuckin′ up my shit What? Fuckin′ up yo' shit? You must be bleedin′ and some more shit Bitch, I don't know shit, fuck yo′ feelings (you some on hoe shit)  See, I don't know why you like playin′ mind games with me (mind games?) Bitch, I ain't slow nor ditsy, I know when you bein' distant I know when you fake busy Get out yo′ feelings and miss me with that reverse psychology Man, bitch, you trippin′, who got you that Rollie chain? And who put that car in my name? What? You think I'ma kiss yo′ ass? (Nah, nigga, you fuckin' lame)  You know what? Fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga) Nah, fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga) Nah, fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga) Fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you) Fuck you, nigga Fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you)  Wastin′ my time and energy tryna be good to you Lost friends, family, gained more enemies 'cause of you Bitches starin′ at me in Zara, hoes scratchin' my cars up Shoulda followed my mind in '09 and just moved to Georgia Oh, what, that′s my fault now? Bitch, you power trippin′ or guilt trippin'? I held yo′ ass down You just kept me down, that's a big difference Stressin′ myself tryna figure why I'm not good enough Goin′ to church, prayin' for you, searchin' for good in us  Lil′ dick ass nigga that′s tryna go big But you was suckin' this dick though Well, shit, I shoulda sucked his (what you say?) I shoulda found a bigger dick (bitch, get the fuck out my face) Oh, what, you mad? Shut up, bitch, you got me fucked up today, on God Ah-ha, you mad, lil′ feelings is shot  Go text that raggedy bitch and tell her all that she got Let her know you packin' yo′ shit and gotta move by the first (Man, give me these fuckin' keys) give me my keys, I′ma be late for work Fuck yo' job, today gon' be the day you walk to that bitch (Give me my fuckin′ keys) nah, I liked you parked in that bitch (Give me my keys, bro) on God, you ain′t gettin' these keys Give me my fucking keys (ah, now you mad at me)  I got you hollerin′ for nothing (I do the same when we fuckin') Act like that pussy ain′t loose (I'd rather act like I′m cummin') I'd rather fuck off the juice (I′d rather fuck on your cousin) Bitch, you said you gon′ fuck who? You heard me, nigga, it's nothing  You know what? Fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga) Fuck you bitch (no, fuck you nigga) No, fuck you bitch (no, fuck you, nigga) Fuck you, bitch (fuck you), fuck you bitch (fuck that nigga) Fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you) Fuck you, bi-, fuck you bitch, stupid ass bitch  I′on't even know why I fuck with you I′ll be damned if I'm stuck with you Changed my number, I′m duckin 'you, bitch Bitch, whatever is comfortable This the type of shit couples do Shoulda thought about cuffin' you, bitch Nigga, you dirty and you broke Hoe, you goofy and gullible, fuck you talkin′ ′bout?  Mmh, the insecurities you got won't mind-fuck me Womanizer, got no affection from yo′ momma, I see Don't speak on my momma, the fuck is yo′ problem? That bitch don't like me, anyways Bitch, she gave you a Honda And used that shit to throw it in my face (man, hol′ on, bro)  Find it funny you just can't apologize (bitch, dawg) Egotistic, narcissistic, love your own lies (bro) See, you the reason why strong women fucked up Why they say it's a man′s world See, you the reason for Trump (I′m crying, bro) You the reason we overlooked, underpaid, underbooked, under shame If you look, I don't speak, then I′m called out my name I am flawed, I am pained, never yours I remained (come on, bro)  You the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change You the reason bitches start callin′ y'all bitches ′cause y'all useless You the reason Harvey Weinstein had to see his conclusion You the reason R. Kelly can't recognize that he′s abusive  Man, shut the fuck up, we all know you still playin′ his music Said I'm tired of these emotional ass, ungrateful ass bitches Fake innocent, fake feminist, stop pretendin′ Y'all sentiments ain′t realer than what you defendin' (here he go) It′s a spilt decision (shut the fuck up) Broads like you and real victims (look at you, look at you)  Let's talk the truth (okay), women in general just can't get along (explain, nigga) Hmm, when Tash got a man, you didn′t pick up the phone (explain, nigga) When Nate got a job, you said you stayin′ home (explain) Why R&B bitches don't feature on each other songs?  What the fuck is you talkin′ 'bout? Never mind, bitch, I′m walkin' out Whatever, nigga, I′m off you now Yo' evil ass kept me well in doubt Pussy nigga, best watch your mouth Pussy and mouth is all you got Lay this pussy back on the couch Doggie style, then you get on top  Fuck me, nigga (I'ma fuck you, bitch) Nah, fuck me, nigga, fuck me (I′ma fuck you, bitch) Nah, fuck you, fuck me (you playin′ man) Fuck me (nah, you playin')  Stop tap-dancin′ around the conversationDamn, love or lust Damn, all of us Give me a run for my money There is nobody, no one to outrun me (another world premiere) So give me a run for my money Sippin′ bubbly, feelin' lovely Livin′ lovely Just love me I wanna be with you, ayy (just love me), I wanna be with (just love me, just love) I wanna be with you, ayy (love me), I wanna be with I wanna be with you (love me, just love me)  If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still (love me)? If I minimized my net worth, would you still (love me)? Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to (love me) Keep it a whole one hund′, don′t got you I got nothin', ayy  I got somethin′, ayy (I got somethin') Hol′ up, we gon' function, ayy (we gon′ function) No assumptions, ayy (no assumptions) Feelin' like Tyson wit' it (feelin′ like Tyson wit′ it) Knock it out twice, I'm wit′ it (knock it out twice, I'm wit′ it) Only for the night, I'm kiddin′ (only for the night, I'm kiddin') Only for life, yeah, homie for life, yeah  Only for life, let′s get it Hit that shoulder lean I know what comin′ over me Backstroke oversea I know what you need Already on ten, all money come in All feelin' go out, this feelin′ don't drought This party won′t end  If I didn't ride blade on curb, would you still (love me)? If I minimized my net worth, would you still (love me)? Keep it a hundred, I′d rather you trust me than to (love me) Keep it a whole one hund', don't got you I got nothin′ (oh, oh)  Give me a run for my money There is nobody, no one to outrun me So give me a run for my money Sippin′ bubbly, feelin' lovely Livin′ lovely Just love me I wanna be with you, ayy (just love me), I wanna be with (just love me, just love) I wanna be with you, ayy (love me), I wanna be with I wanna be with you (love me, just love me)  I'm on the way We ain′t got no time to waste Poppin' your gum on the way (love me) Am I in the way? I don′t wan' pressure you none I want your blessin' today (love me) Oh, by the way, open the door by the way Told you that I′m on the way (love me) I′m on the way, I know connection is vague Pick up the phone for me, babe (love me)  Dammit, we jammin' Bad attitude from yo′ nanny Curves and your hips from yo' mammy Remember Gardena? I took the studio Camry I know Top will be mad at me I had to do it, I want your body, your music I bought the big one to prove it Look what you made Told you that I′m on the way I'm like an exit away, yep  If I didn′t ride blade on curb, would you still (love me)? If I minimized my net worth, would you still (love me)? Keep it a hundred, I'd rather you trust me than to (love me) Keep it a whole one hund', don′t got you I got nothin′ (oh, oh)  Give me a run for my money There is nobody, no one to outrun me So give me a run for my money Sippin' bubbly, feelin′ lovely Livin' lovely Just love me I wanna be with you, ayy (just love me), I wanna be with (just love me, just love) I wanna be with you, ayy (love me), I wanna be with I wanna be with you (love me, just love me)I don′t buy much, I buy land, bro Cologne, Germany Four McDonalds, every time I land, broBig Jay Rocks in both hands, bro, and all that And I'm best dressed, movin′ forward, yeah Tiny Taz Arn', yeah, all that, Compton cowboy, all that Yeah, big protein One-hundred and fifty grams of protein (uh) Y'all gotta stop playin′, bro, I swear, bro  Uh, we gon′ fuck up the world Excuse me, but is that your girl? If she tell, that's a good referral Heebee-jeebie talk crazy to me But Kendrick know I like irregular girls I′m not good with the regular girls Damn near want a veteran girl  I just might change your life We ain't wearin′ no Giuseppe jeans We ain't doin′ none of normal things Do you know what formal means? Critics sayin' that I lost the plot Principles, yeah, I'd rather not Messi, ′bout to come in hot  ′Dot, uh, we gon' fuck up the world Excuse me, but is that your girl? Didn′t mean to possess your girl Baby, I'm high-profile, don′t ever tell 'em you met me, girl They gon′ think that you rep me, girl 5'7", I'm Messi, girl  I′ma pass you to Neymar, he got time for your bestie, girl Niggas know that I′m best-dressed, too high-profile to access I ain't even gotta fact check, all I′m wearin' is Wales Bonner Feelin′ good, I might wear no- Matter of fact, let's stay platonic  I just fucked, ain′t that ironic? You could pick the bunk or bed Either way, I'ma want some head Messi live through me instead We grew up 'round triflin′ hoes You ain′t did nothin' that I don′t know It's cool, baby, I′m too high-pro' I′m Baby Keem, I wouldn't call it close  Messi, get them girls off the stage, 'cause somebody′s gonna get taken Somebody′s gonna invade on a one-on-one conversation I'm ducked off from the world, I′m immersed in the PlayStation And I ain't worried ′bout her, it's a thousand hers out waitin′  We gon' fuck up the world Excuse me, but is that your girl? Didn't mean to possess your girl Baby, I′m high-profile, don′t ever tell 'em you met me, girl They gon′ think that you rep me, girl 5'7", I′m Messi, girl  Famous, but I'm not for sale, why you tryna possess me, girl? I mean, you know what upset me, girl Was like that when you met me, girl ′Cause he'll put you in princess shoes Elevate you, respect you too Here's 10K, I′m in a sexy mood Don′t let the homies touch you, move  Yeah, niggas know that I'm best-dressed Wear Martine when I board jets They sardines and I′m big fish, eat caviar when I'm depressed Take selfies, I′m in Czech Republic, Cornell, he gon' check the budget Borrowed two-million from my cousin Never gave it back, ′cause it's nothin'  Fuck it (yeah), new devotions (uh-huh) Huh, keepin′ focus, starship, is that a foreign? (A foreign) Huh, she′s organic, skin is glowin', my heart is goin′ (like wow) Split personality, two phones, two emotions (like how?) Girl, you get the notion (aroused) It's not hard to notice (yeah, yeah) That′s a deep, deep, deep, deep, deep ocean (that twat) Shorty say she celibate, I'ma keep hopin′ (she's not) Shorty say she in love with me, I'ma be open (I′ll try) (And you w-, and you w-)  Messi, get them girls off the stage, ′cause somebody's gonna get taken Somebody′s gonna invade on a one-on-one conversation I'm ducked off from the world, I′m immersed in the PlayStation And I ain't worried ′bout her, it's a thousand hers out waitin'  (Send it off from here right now, here right now) (And free your mind)  (And you w-, and you w-)I′m waking up to ash and dust I wipe my brow, and I sweat my rust I'm breathing in the chemicalsYeah, ah  I′m breaking in, shaping up Then checking out on the prison bus This is it, the apocalypse Woah  I'm waking up I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age  Woah-oh-oh-oh, oh Woah-oh-oh-oh I'm radioactive, radioactive Woah-oh-oh-oh, oh Woah-oh-oh-oh I′m radioactive, radioactive  I raise my flag, dye my clothes It′s a revolution, I suppose We're painted red to fit right in Woah  I′m breaking in, shaping up Then checking out on the prison bus This is it, the apocalypse Woah  I'm waking up I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age  Woah-oh-oh-oh, oh Woah-oh-oh-oh I′m radioactive, radioactive Woah-oh-oh-oh, oh Woah-oh-oh-oh I'm radioactive, radioactive  All systems go The sun hasn′t died Deep in my bones Straight from inside  Bury me alive Bury me with pride Bury me with berries That forbidden fruit and cherry wine Thank you very much But tonight's my night and I'm Barry Bonds Swingin′ for the fences Barbaric Kendrick in idle time  Everything in life′s subject to change Change whip, change grind Change clothes, change opinions Right before I change my mind I don't really know your business Been in there since I was bendin′ Lego blocks Now you tell the world about me, dry snitch  Tater tots on my shotgun Now I gotta pop one at the stars Sky's the limit, I gotta finish As the first rapper on Mars Mark my word, I′ma make my mark Even when they start their Marshall Law Even when these martians alienate My mental state is still at heart  Fuck, look at my eyes, tell me I died Tell me I tried to compromise Tell me you love me, tell me that I don't give a fuck, I can barely decide Wishin′ good luck on my enemies All of my energy go to the Almighty God I could drown in a bottle of Hennessy Fuck your amenities, I'm gettin' better with time, ah!  I′m waking up I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age  Woah-oh-oh-oh, oh Woah-oh-oh-oh I′m radioactive, radioactive Woah-oh-oh-oh, oh Woah-oh-oh-oh I'm radioactive, radioactive  I′m radioactive, radioactiveAyy K. Dot Yeah, yeah Can we get it how we used to get itLike when Top had the red Charger? Can we get it how we used to get it Like when Top had the red Charger? Can we get it how we used to get it?  Cap on, and I got racks on Spent four nights in the country I like Then I take my rich ass back home Blow so bright, I could make make moonlight See this ain′t like your pheromones Blew one, big gun, bare tone Who won? We won, yeah, holmes  We old school like Capitol My old school made doctor note My old school made hard knock Black on black, my coupe and strap I ain't balling on the hard tops I told y′all to call Top, now my number call blocked I don't miss, I call shot Hol' up, yeah  Cap on and I got racks on (And I got racks on) And I produced that diesel I could put Shaq on (I could put Shaq, ayy) Nigga, your bitch gon′ leave you You ain′t got a backbone (You ain't got, hol′ up)  I don't rely on people, I just go and bread chase Whoa, this so fucking dope, I might catch a fed case Whoa, you ain′t getting money, nigga, then you dead weight Whoa, got the drop on 'em, there he go, checkmate Whoa, we go drop on ′em, y'all better play it safe Whoa  Cap on, and I got racks on Don't be bitter, you′re dope They reconsider that shit, be stepped on Eastside Johnny way out that project But then I get my rep on Fuck your feeling, no question bitch I kill it, I bring that check home  We old school like domino My old school made lawyers know My old school a match box Black on black, bad bitch in the back We ballin′ on a hard top Dot told y'all to call Top Now my number call blocked We don′t miss, we call shots, swervin'  I pay ′em no mind mind because I curve 'em She said I look way better in person I told her I do better when I′m workin' You scared motherfucker, go to churches  Right back in this bitch, take a flick Hoe, what's happening (Yeah) We don′t politic money clip, like it′s fashion (Yeah) Me and Rock go back like, flipping matresses Me and Dot go back like knocking addresses  Cap on, cap on, drum hold thirty, no add-on Lil' man mad, don′t wanna go bad on Big kickstand fold out, when you lack on You ain't no man, you a mouse in a rat hole I hold band, whole stack, that′s factual Call Big Ten on a island bashful  Fuck your plane, I'ma burn that castle Fuck that clan, I′ma burn that task force It's sick murder when I say go Hoppin' out that van with a black ski mask And a great big murder when I say go  Man, I took my chance, and I paint like that Let′ see how further it might go And it just might hurt you when I go And my name might curse you when I go Bitch  In God we trust Fear no man, but in God we trust Both palm in hand, prayin′ I stay up I know you try your best but it's not like us Wow, oh you say you got a bad one Wow, I can tell you never had one Wow, we back to back acting manie Wow, East-side Johnny going stupid, stupid, stupid Wow             Beyoncé feat. Kendrick Lamar - Freedom (feat. Kendrick Lamar) Lyrics | Musixmatch                  <iframe src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KWQN4HC"         height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden">       </iframe>        Type song title, artist or lyricsMusixmatchPROTop lyricsCommunityAcademyPodcastsSign inLyricsFreedom (feat. Kendrick Lamar)Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar Written by:Last update on: April 23, 2023No translations available+Add Translation                       Play "Freedom (feat. Ke…"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       Lyrics for Freedom (feat. Kendrick Lamar) by Beyoncé feat. Kendrick LamarTryna rain, tryna rain on the thunder Tell the storm I′m new I'mma walk, I′mma march on the regularPainting white flags blue  Lord forgive me, I've been running Running blind in truth I'mma rain, I′mma rain on this bitter love Tell the sweet I′m new  I'm telling these tears, "Go and fall away, fall away" May the last one burn into flames  Freedom! Freedom! I can′t move Freedom, cut me loose! Singin', freedom! freedom! Where are you? Cause I need freedom too! I break chains all by myself Won′t let my freedom rot in hell Hey! I'mma keep running Cause a winner don′t quit on themselves  I'mma wade, I'mma wave through the waters Tell the tide, "Don′t move" I′mma riot, I'mma riot through your borders Call me bulletproof  Lord forgive me, I′ve been runnin' Runnin′ blind in truth I'mma wade, I′mma wave through your shallow love Tell the deep I'm new  I'm telling these tears, "Go and fall away, fall away" May the last one burn into flames  Freedom! Freedom! I can′t move Freedom, cut me loose! Singin′, freedom! Freedom! Where are you? Cause I need freedom too! I break chains all by myself Won't let my freedom rot in hell Hey! I′mma keep running Cause a winner don't quit on themselves  Ten Hail Marys, I meditate for practice Channel 9 news tell me I′m movin' backwards Eight blocks left, death is around the corner Seven misleadin′ statements 'bout my persona Six headlights wavin' in my direction Five-O askin′ me what′s in my possession Yeah I keep runnin', jump in the aqueducts Fire hydrants and hazardous Smoke alarms on the back of us But mama don′t cry for me, ride for me Try for me, live for me Breathe for me, sing for me Honestly guidin' me I could be more than I gotta be Stole from me, lied to me, nation hypocrisy Code on me, drive on me Wicked, my spirit inspired me Like yeah, open correctional gates in higher desert Yeah, open our mind as we cast away oppression Yeah, open the streets and watch our beliefs And when they carve my name inside the concrete I pray it forever reads  Freedom! Freedom! I can′t move Freedom, cut me loose! Singin', freedom! Freedom! Where are you? Cause I need freedom too! I break chains all by myself Won′t let my freedom rot in hell Hey! I'mma keep running Cause a winner don't quit on themselves  What you want from me? Is it truth you seek? Oh father can you hear me? What you want from me? Is it truth you seek? Oh father can you hear me? Hear me out  I had my ups and downs, But I always find the inner strength To cool myself off. I was served lemons, but I made lemonadeReport a problemWriter(s): Vince Clarke, Andy Bell (erasure)                        Play "Freedom (feat. Ke…"                      on Amazon Music Unlimited (ad)                       No translations available+Add Translation4k favoritesEmbedShareLast activitiesLast edit byLaurell BoyersApril 23, 2023Synced byOghuvwu UfuomaNovember 24, 2022Translated byTranslation Assistant December 16, 2022Correct lyricsListen to Podcasts talking about Beyoncé.Discover PodcastsLemonade Apr 23rd 201601Pray You Catch Me 02Hold Up 03Don't Hurt Yourself (feat. Jack White) 04Sorry 056 Inch (feat. The Weeknd) 06Daddy Lessons See morePowered by AI Curated by peopleStart your discoveryEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어CompanyAbout usPeoplePressContactBlogPodcast TranscriptionsProductsFor Music CreatorsFor PublishersFor PartnersFor DevelopersFor the CommunityPodcast TranscriptionsCommunityOverviewGuidelinesBecome a CuratorHelp CenterAsk the CommunityCommunity BlogEnglishEnglishEspañolItalianoDeutschFrançaisBrasileiroPortuguês日本語한국어MusixmatchPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyEULACopyright🇮🇹 Made with love & passion in Italy.  🌎 Enjoyed everywhereAll artists:ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ#        C is for Cookie 🍪By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Manage cookies Accept AllPrivacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.             More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back ButtonPerformance Cookies  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelReject All Confirm My ChoicesI been goin′ silly for the Westside (Westside) You might catch me rollin' where the reps ride (Real reps) Ain′t no opposition, I'm the best, right? (Yeah, yeah)I might take my city on a test drive (Test drive) You don't wanna see me on a good day (Oh no, oh no) You don′t wanna see me on a bad day (No, no, no, oh no) I was just a nigga with some hoop dreams (Hoop dreams) Now, I′m in the league, bitch Now, I'm in the lead, bitch I can slam dunk but I just layup (I just layup, ayy) Smokin′ marijuana 'til I, ooh (Ooh), what? (What?) wake up May not understand me ′cause it's all real (I′m all real, all real) And I don't really give a damn how y'all feel (No, no)  Baby, I′m just tryna let my hair down (My hair down) Baby, I′m just tryna let my hair down (My hair down) Everybody's watchin′, I'm aware now (I′m aware now) But I can't find a reason I should care now (I should care now) Baby, I′m just tryna let my–  If I take off my coat, do you promise to stay? If I give you my heart, would you throw it away? Do you mean what you say when you tell me you love me? Do you really? Do you really?  Itty-bitty bitch is a numerologist Got your number where I live I'ma get you outta pocket like a quarterback blitz That's a everyday faucet, make it wet, make it rinse Skeletons in your closet but your past don′t exist Got a pad on your list, got a pad on your lock Calabas′ ain't the move, that′s where everybody live Plus the mountain is hot, you forgot what you got, ah!  Hol' up, nuisance (I say it, I say it, I say it) I recommend ′em all with acoustics (I say it, I say it, I say it) I recommend a bed for the juices (I say it, I say it, I say it) I recommend you live where the truth is (I say it, I say it, I say it) Psychedelic views and infinity pools, yeah, checking out Once I sweat them edges out  Hair down like vanity I got the fuck-ups, I got the damage fees I got the gold dust, I got the anesthesia When you chose up, this ain't a fantasy We ′bout to go up, see underhanding me never got no love But understandin' me maybe can mold us and–  Baby, I'm just tryna let my hair down (My hair down) Baby, I′m just tryna let my hair down (My hair down) Everybody′s watching, I'm aware now (I′m aware now) But I can't find a reason I should care now (I should care now) Baby, I′m just tryna let my–  If I take off my coat, do you promise to stay? If I give you my heart, would you throw it away? Do you mean what you say when you tell me you love me? Do you really? Do you really  Musixmatch - Song Lyrics and Translations          ‟                    We are human after all                   Human After All  DAFT PUNK                    We detected that your IP is blocked.         It looks like you're a bot or more likely your network may have been blacklisted for some reason.         Please confirm you are a human by checking the box below.             